Kate (00:01)
The the back end, I think.

Anneliese (00:05)
Yeah.

Kate (00:14)
So that's by the way.

Anneliese (00:16)
Goodbye.

Kate (00:20)
Yeah. Yeah, that's it. Cool. This, ⁓ us talking in here, by the way, is the Kajabi coaching product. ⁓ the way I have this power hour set up. Just so you know, it's about to change a little bit, but this is the basis of it, yeah.

Anneliese (00:29)
Okay, cool.

Again.

Kate (00:37)
Cool. Okay. So, do we want to look through the what what's the main things on your site at the moment? The

Anneliese (00:46)
I'll show you what is the easiest way for you to see it to go through my website first or to go into my ⁓ my emails or ⁓ go to the ad maybe even that I had put up.

Kate (00:59)
Yeah, I think like like a customer would, ⁓ as much as possible. ⁓ so first they see your ad, is that right? Yeah.

Anneliese (01:06)
Yeah.

Sorry, I have to make sure that I go to the ad.

Kate (01:12)
And you've got your ad running on meta ⁓

Anneliese (01:16)
I had, yeah.

And call.

Kate (01:21)
Just a ti it was a targeted audience, wasn't it?

Anneliese (01:26)
Yeah, yeah. In the end, I had females between the ages of 30 and 60 with the interest of sleep.

⁓ gosh, I hope I've got it here somewhere.

I should have actually prepared for this.

Kate (01:46)
That's okay. I'm I'm exactly the same. I've just been working on my own ads, so I know exactly how it is. But you're like, I can't remember which folder I'd save them in. I don't know it. do you have your meta open maybe? And we could have a look in there.

Anneliese (01:54)
I don't know I put it.

⁓ we'll still be in there, wouldn't we?

Kate (02:04)
yeah, yeah. So if you just type an ad. ⁓

Yeah, or Aids Manager, go to the Aids Manager.

your Facebook looks different to mine. ⁓ yeah, over there. Cool.

Anneliese (02:22)
our ad manager here.

Kate (02:31)
I mean I

Anneliese (02:34)
you're cutting out.

Kate (02:47)
about last time was about getting as well, like or more organic. ⁓

Anneliese (02:53)
Sorry, you call out there, you've just come back.

Kate (02:55)
Sorry,

yeah, okay. ⁓ we'll have a look at the ads. ⁓ but I think ⁓ you know, focusing on the more organic stuff as well, like we spoke about last week. ⁓ am I still here? Of course.

Anneliese (03:09)
Yeah.

Where do I, how can I get you to see the edit?

Kate (03:17)
Yeah, so if you that's it? Yeah. so that's your speaking? Cool.

Anneliese (03:21)
That's not me, this is my client.

Kate (03:23)
that's the the referral, the testimonial. Yeah.

Anneliese (03:27)
Okay.

Kate (03:29)
Yeah.

And is this ⁓ wait. Yep. So you've got this running as an ad. Do you also have this as a reel?

Anneliese (03:43)
Mmm... No.

Kate (03:45)
No, okay. ⁓ I would definitely post it as a reel as well, so it's all getting ⁓

Anneliese (03:54)
you mean, do I have it on my actual page?

Kate (03:58)
Yeah, just like a post, not just a paid one, but a post as well. Yeah. The reason being, the reason I think about that is because when you start to share or when you're sharing your information anywhere and value, you can ⁓ you can link people through to that so they can see it. ⁓ like in my email sequences, sometimes I'll link to a specific post on my Facebook or on my Instagram so people so I can talk about something and then say,

Anneliese (04:01)
I think so, yeah.

Kate (04:26)
Check it out here and link people to it, whereas you can't link people to ads.

Anneliese (04:31)
I see what you mean. pretty sure it's actually...

Kate (04:36)
Especially when it's testimonial, 'cause you'll probably want to share that more often than not. Yeah. Yeah.

just looking at my neighbor. Might be about to start the lawn mower, so I'll just get my earphones ready. It's all sorts of noise here.

Anneliese (04:52)
Yeah, so I've got her here.

Kate (04:55)
Okay, great. Yeah, great. So you do have it. ⁓

Anneliese (04:59)
And the other ad is actually sitting here as well. These are all blog posts and this is the other ad.

Kate (05:04)
That's the other ad. Okay, great. Learn how to get to the root cause your insomnia with psychosomatic, trauma informed approach and enjoy peaceful sleepful sleeps once again. Free guide. Understand sleep view can right now and the path back to deep rest. Okay. Outsider's ⁓ input is ⁓ simplifying the words. So I wouldn't use the word psychosomatic trauma informed on here. Okay.

Because that's just something they'll learn. That's part of the process. ⁓ Yeah. Just it's it's really difficult 'cause you you are an expert in what you do, but it's not understanding the

I guess what are the word thinking about the words that the customer are thinking.

Anneliese (05:49)
Okay, that's a problem because I guess what I've got everywhere is the point of difference is that it's psychosomatic. So it's called overcoming insomnia the psychosomatic way.

Kate (06:01)
Yep, that's okay. They'll see that when they come into so even having it down the bottom, I think, is okay. See how you've got hearing hearing about the psychosomatic way. But in the actual graphic, I would put less text and just more more of just like the pain quick. ⁓ so and even where it says free guide, I've just learned this recently to actually put the call to action, like download the free guide. Yeah. ⁓ these are just little things, you know, and it is testing, testing what works and what doesn't.

Anneliese (06:24)
yeah, okay.

Kate (06:31)
Yeah. okay, so from here they go through to your website.

Anneliese (06:38)
⁓ Yeah, they go into a Kajabi.

Kate (06:43)
Yeah, and that the testimonial video one that also just goes through to the same page.

Anneliese (06:48)
Yes, no, different pages. I've got landing pages there.

think? Yeah. ⁓ So Amy's story is one where they have to fill out the details and why can't I sleep the free guide?

Kate (07:11)
Okay, sorry, it cut out again. I'm just moving right next to the internet so that it doesn't cut out. I'm just standing right next to the internet. ⁓ so sorry, you cut out there. So both ads go to the same page.

Anneliese (07:25)
No, so I've got here a landing page for Amy's story, which is looks like this. I'll just click on it. Yeah.

Kate (07:36)
Which one has been the most popular when you've run the ads? Yeah, okay, cool. It's good to know.

Anneliese (07:39)
The video ad.

Just like that.

Kate (07:51)
Okay. And what are they getting here?

Anneliese (07:54)
⁓ They just got into my email. They learn more about what's...

Kate (08:01)
So

they get an email sequence from here. Yeah. Okay, great.

⁓ overcoming someone in the psychosomatic way. Amy, so it's a powerful reminder that our bodies still know how to sit. We just have to learn to listen from despair to deep rest. What does it take? I would add something in here about what they're gonna receive. Because if I came to this page, I'd be like, what am I signing up for? I don't know. Yeah, that's that's the only little detail there, I would say. The ⁓

Anneliese (08:25)
OK.

Kate (08:33)
The other thing that you could test in the future if you wanted to is if I mean I haven't seen the video to know, but if it's possible for you to edit the video ⁓ so there's just a little bit on the ad, kind of like a hook, and then bring people through to watch the rest of the video here.

Anneliese (08:50)
So how long is the hook?

Kate (08:53)
Well, it would just be something that she says probably that makes people go, ⁓ what? What what is she saying? You know, so if she's saying something like, I you know, I can't believe that I'm sleeping again or I feel so better or whatever, yeah, just that part of the video is the ad or the post and then have the ri whole video through on this page. So people click through to watch the video and then go, Yes, I definitely want that. Just a little sometimes Yeah, sometimes having videos or just a little bit more on this page can help people to sign up. ⁓

Because otherwise they see a Facebook ad, they click and and it also no, I'll tell you about that in a minute. yeah, they see a Facebook ad and they click and then they click to this page and it's just really easy for people to just turn off this page and not sign up.

Anneliese (09:36)
It happened a lot as well. I had thousands of hits on this page and only, I don't know, maybe 20 people actually come through.

Kate (09:42)
Okay.

Yeah. And is that based on what analytics are you looking at? On Kajabi or on Google Analytics?

Anneliese (09:55)
No, good job, E.

Kate (09:57)
Okay, don't look at Kajabi Analytics. Look at Google Analytics for the best analytics, for the accurate analytics. Yeah. Okay. Unfortunately, Kajabi Analytics includes things like ⁓ scanning bots and now AI as well. So like Google searches, like things like that when they're scanning your website all the time. ⁓ Kajabi also kind of has its own bots that scan all of your pages.

to make sure that there's no virus or you know, nothing broken or bro vina viruses and things. And unfortunately those numbers turn up in the analytics as well. ⁓ some when you're looking at your analytics, just as a side note, sometimes you'll see that your four four page has a lot of views, and that's the page that people see when they enter a broken website. Yeah, yeah. And some people freak out and go, Why is my four four page being seen so much? But usually it's just the scanning bot. Yeah. So Google analytics are much better for

actually seeing page results and unique users and things as well. Yeah. Yeah. And the thing I was going to say about your ad is ⁓ something that I have tested and the guy that taught me ⁓ recommends is using Facebook forms. ⁓ So the so probably not for this one, but probably more for the other one. ⁓ the where it's a free guide. ⁓ look using the form that's on Facebook because then it doesn't fall away from Facebook.

Therefore, Facebook prefers that and puts it in front of more people. ⁓ and you can set it up so that the details go through to Kajabi still. Yeah. Yeah. And and you can ⁓ you know, auto-trigger the email still and everything. ⁓ you do just have to you have to use Zapia or make like one of those integration tools to do that. But ⁓ yeah, the forms seems to be Facebook forms seems to be a higher rate of people filling things in because they stay on the platform. They don't go away.

Anneliese (11:28)
Okay, yeah.

Okay, yeah, that's good to think.

Kate (11:51)
Yeah.

Yeah, okay, cool. ⁓ so from here and then let's have a look at your download one. Download now. ⁓ the free guide, yeah.

Anneliese (12:00)
yeah.

Kate (12:12)
My internet is so ridiculous. I'm literally standing at a window sill outside where the Starlink satellite is. So it can't freeze.

Can you okay? Yeah, I can. Yeah. Overcoming insomnia is like tired of hearing all the advice. There is nothing to learn. Learn about learn how to find your way back to sleep, not through prescriptions, but through is presence. Yeah. ⁓ why can't I sleep even when I'm tired? Yeah. So again, you've got get the free guide and the button, that's good. ⁓

Yeah, I would just add a little bit more probably to where it says why can't I sleep even when I'm tired? I would just add a little bit under that, even in ⁓ paragraph font that's you know just ⁓ I guess reconfirming what they're gonna receive. So enter your details and your free guide will be in your inbox straight away so you can get sleeping. Get to sleep or something.

Anneliese (13:11)
Yeah, OK.

Kate (13:15)
Yeah. Gets reclaim your sleep sooner or something. Yeah. Okay. And so they enter their details and from here they go. Can you just click on the form for me here?

Anneliese (13:27)
Yeah.

Kate (13:28)
I just want to see the form settings. ⁓ if you just got yeah, there we go. Why can't I sleep guide? Great. So you've set up two separate forms for the two opt-ins. Yeah. Yeah, good. Some people just use the default one for everything, but no, don't do that. okay, great. so now if you go to the email segment for me, sequence sequence is two different ones.

Anneliese (13:58)
It's going to be a little bit slow for you too.

Kate (14:02)
Sometimes it can be slow when we're sharing screen on zone. Yeah. ⁓ I've been using it today though and I haven't found it slow, so

Anneliese (14:10)
Okay, I'll just close a few more.

Kate (14:14)
Okay. There are some big updates coming next week from Kajobi. So I recognise that. And so there could be some stuff going on in the background, maybe they're slowing it down. Not sure.

Back to that. That's it. Okay. ⁓

Anneliese (14:35)
And so I'll go to the sequences.

⁓ So this is the Amy's video sequence.

Kate (14:47)
Yeah. Sorry, I got sidetracked by that download. I don't think I that drop down menu. I don't think I have that on my site. Where you just chose sequences. I don't think I have that on mine. Okay. Yeah. That was fun. I was like, where's that come from? ⁓ okay. No, no, that's fine. That's fine. Okay. I think it's because I've put mine into folders and I think it's got rid of the drop down. That's just made me think that, yeah.

Anneliese (14:54)
What a done.

Again.

Kate (15:15)
Okay, sorry, if you just go back to that one again. Yeah.

Anneliese (15:18)
Hmm.

Kate (15:20)
That's gonna make me go and check.

Anneliese (15:25)
⁓ So Amy's video, 10 emails over 10 days.

Kate (15:32)
So this first email is actually going to arrive with them tomorrow. Is that is that the intention? That it's not straight away?

Anneliese (15:43)
No, it was meant to be straight away.

Kate (15:46)
So if you open it up. So it's a bit confusing, but ⁓ emails ⁓ start from day zero. So if you just type zero in there instead of one, you'll see the wording underneath it changes and it says this email will be sent immediately someone subscribes. Yeah, that's a good thing, definitely. They've just entered their details. They want to see something straight away. Yeah. Because by tomorrow they will have forgotten that they entered their details. So yeah, great. It so it sends it straight away.

⁓ that one. And then all the other days after that are from this day. So yeah, first day is day zero. So it's a bit confusing because day one is the next day.

Anneliese (16:26)
Yeah, I'll change that then. Yeah, cool.

Kate (16:28)
Yep. Yeah. ⁓

so trust your body still knows how to sleep. ⁓ the preview line is good, but it's really long. So people won't be seeing that all of that in their inbox. Okay. It'd just be the first part. Sleepless nights are horrifying. ⁓ that they're probably seeing. Yeah. It's quite ⁓ it's annoying because if you're doing this via chat GPT to get help, ⁓ chat GPT always gives a really long preview line. Even though preview do you know what a preview is, where it shows up?

Anneliese (16:56)
Yeah, yeah,

Kate (16:57)
Yeah, yeah. So you can only see a little bit in the inbox. Cool. ⁓ nice. You that looks really good, really clean the logo and the and the header. ⁓ and the emotion looks nice and thin as well. When I say thin, like narrow, because that means they show up well in the inbox as well without them having to scroll across to read. ⁓ good. Okay. So it's a six weeks personal. yeah, so you're talking about the program.

Anneliese (17:00)
Yeah.

Yeah.

Kate (17:29)
⁓ which I guess makes sense for this one because ⁓ they've seen the video of her talking about taking the program. Yeah. yeah. Usually I wouldn't say like for the free guide, I wouldn't say in the first email to introduce the program. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I would just focus on the guide to start. But I think for this one it's fine. cool. And is there a link for them or a call to action on this one?

Anneliese (17:54)
Yeah.

Kate (17:56)
Just at the bottom. Yeah, great. Cool. I'm not sure. Do you have in any of your email sequences kind of well, where does that link go actually? Does it go to a sales page?

Anneliese (18:11)
⁓ Good question.

Kate (18:15)
If you open it up.

Anneliese (18:17)
I

think it goes to the checkout page.

Kate (18:20)
the checkout page. Do you have a sales page though, which is more like an information page? A landing page. Yeah. So it should it should go to the landing page with more information. ⁓ a really good way to start introducing the program in emails is to go is to talk about it like you have here, but then ⁓ instead of saying you know learn more or to buy or whatever, more like check out the frequently asked questions or like divert to a section on that page. ⁓

Anneliese (18:25)
Yeah, I do.

How can you do that?

Kate (18:48)
Yeah, I'll show you that. ⁓ I mean, just by default, you can just send them to the page and they can find it themselves amongst all the other information, which actually is not a bad thing because it makes people scroll through the page. ⁓ but what you can do is add what's called anchors to the page or anchor page. Yeah, yeah. That's how you would send them to a specific section. Okay. ⁓ Yeah. I mean, you could even add frequently asked questions into an email as well.

Anneliese (19:07)
Incus, yeah I know Incus.

Kate (19:18)
like down the bottom here you could have some frequently asked questions but I think just yeah getting people to the to over to the landing page but not necessarily through the what at the start through through the ⁓ message of come and enroll you know come and buy it now more just educating them about it and yeah a soft enrollment yes yeah yeah cool so so this sequence here make sure you hit save at the top before we come out of it

Anneliese (19:47)
Yeah, I think I did that.

Kate (19:48)
Okay, cool. ⁓ if you just go back up to the sequence, Amy's video advert.

Top once it comes back.

So you've got two, three, four. So an email every day. Yeah. Yeah. and you've got frequently asked questions further down. Great. Yeah. Yeah. And another testimonial. Fantastic. ⁓ Yeah, I think it's all looking really good. great. And you've got a

Anneliese (20:26)
Another free guide tapering of sleeping pills. then ⁓ the first offer here that's 30 % off. I'll just go in there. You can see how it's going here. ⁓

Kate (20:45)
I'm wondering if the free guide needs to be earlier on for this for this sequence because they haven't ⁓ most of them won't have signed up for the free guide, the other free guide through the ad because they've come through the video ad. Yeah. It's always good to I can't remember someone like Brendan Bouchard, the marketing guy, he has this thing that's like, I don't know, it's like a boxing analogy, and he says left, left.

Right or whatever, like hook, hook. ⁓ to do with give, give, then sell, or you know, like there's kind of a method to it. So like giving more giving more things first. but I think w what you've got in email one is still right, like in terms of having the call to action down the bottom just lightly. yeah. And I would add the free thing in maybe email two or three. for this one. Okay. So thirty percent off.

So this is email which number email is this? Six. Okay, day six.

Anneliese (21:45)
Do you want to go through all of them then?

Kate (21:48)
Good. No, I think I get the premise of them just from from the yeah yeah, from what you've titled. So and and you're giving thirty percent off because they haven't purchased yet, is that right?

Anneliese (21:58)
Yeah, just another we give, I suppose.

Kate (22:03)
Yeah.

Yeah. yeah, leave it there for now. Let me have a think about ⁓ so another marketing. ⁓ yeah, here's the lawnmower, hang on one moment, so I can hear you. ⁓

Another marketing tactic that you can't do on Kajabi natively, unfortunately, is a bat what's called a ban and cart. So offering 30% off if somebody comes to the checkout and then goes away again. unfortunately it's not available on Kajabi right now. ⁓ but that would usually be where I'd be offering a discount, not just in the general email sequence. ⁓ because you almost want to make it quite exclusive, a discount.

Does that make sense again? Yeah. I know it's not useful because ⁓ but let me think about

I just i to me it could be like a pop up somewhere, ⁓ otherwise.

Anneliese (23:05)
Okay, so take the discount out of the sequence.

Kate (23:09)
Leave it there for now until we figure out. and this may be me having a think about it over the next 24 hours for you until I figure out where the best place is to put it. ⁓ yeah. The only reason is ⁓ email six, if they haven't purchased already, there's a high chance they might not still be reading the emails. ⁓ but I guess 30% off in the subject line would catch their eye if they were interested. ⁓ but it's also probably another way that you can do the discounts is by retargeting through Facebook ads.

So if they've ⁓ signed up to your to this and they still haven't purchased, you can have a Facebook ad retargeting them and and the retarget ad could be thirty percent off. And it's only gonna show to the people that have come into this email sequence. So they already know about the program.

Anneliese (23:57)
You can do that.

Kate (23:58)
Yeah, yeah, that's retargeting. Yeah. Yeah.

Anneliese (24:02)
Is there hard to figure out how to do that?

Kate (24:05)
It's it's actually not once you learn. and you'll probably find a YouTube video somewhere. Someone that I learned off because I took his ⁓ Facebook ads boot camp type thing is a guy called Zach Spuckler. He's a Canadian guy. Yeah, ⁓ he's definitely got some YouTube videos as well. But just yeah, if you look up retargeting, ⁓ essentially they're not customers yet, but yeah, retargeting people that have filled in your forms. Yeah. Okay.

your i your MacBook's running low on battery. ⁓

⁓ no so Facebook or Mesa. So ⁓ basically

Anneliese (24:55)
Can't you.

Kate (25:03)
Am I back? Yep, cool.

Anneliese (25:04)
I was going to write a note.

Kate (25:06)
⁓ no, no, that's right. ⁓ I always come back within fifteen seconds or so. ⁓ yeah, so essentially it's to do with the Facebook pixel. So you can apply put the Facebook pixel on your Pajabi site and that's how it knows who's ⁓ triggered, so who's filled in a form and then that's how it knows who to retarget again.

Anneliese (25:23)
Okay, yeah.

Kate (25:25)
It all builds on each other. That's how I just what I just learned in the Facebook ads boot camp that I did. So you're running the ads like you are now, the lead magnet, and then you run retargeting ads to those people with the offer. And then ⁓ you yeah, and then it builds from there like ⁓ and then you sell things to them.

Anneliese (25:42)
Okay,

how long would you normally do a sequence? How many emails?

Kate (25:49)
I think yours is fantastic. Mine are shorter. ⁓ but I think if you've got the information to go in there, then t ten is absolutely fine. Is that how many you've got? Ten? Yeah. Yeah, good on you. ⁓ yeah, a lot of people will only have one or two or three. ⁓ some people are scared about sending that email many emails, but honestly, I don't believe it's no.

Anneliese (26:11)
I was a fundraiser in a former life. I know.

Kate (26:14)
Okay, great. Yeah.

You're good about yeah, just regoing, re re getting in front of people. Yeah. That's it, yeah. And people, you know, people have very short attention spans. They have to see your thing so many times before that really nurtures them. ⁓ and especially I guess your people as well, because they're just tired and not functioning. So yeah, yeah. ⁓

Anneliese (26:20)
You don't ask, you don't get.

I'm starting to use a button that looks in DC.

Kate (26:40)
Great. Yeah. Yeah, the buttons really clear. Yeah. Great. No, I think you're going really well there with the buttons. I mean with the emails and the buttons. ⁓ let's have a look at the page that they land on to buy.

Anneliese (26:52)
okay, yeah.

Kate (26:54)
Or or not to buy but like with the information. Have you got a landing page? No. Like a website page?

Anneliese (27:02)
⁓ So these ones, like I said, they just go to the check out. These buttons. Yeah.

Kate (27:07)
Okay. Okay.

Okay. Let's have a look at the checkout then.

Anneliese (27:11)
Okay.

Kate (27:15)
So is there just as a side note, is there a page on your website that has information about the program? Yeah. Yeah. That's probably where you should be sending them first. Okay. So they can find out more. Yeah. Rather than buy now. Yeah. so let's have a look at the page on your website. ⁓ and then the page on your website should come through to the checkouts, right?

Anneliese (27:21)
Yeah.

Okay.

The page on my website should come through on the checkout.

Kate (27:45)
So the button, so is this yeah, the program? Yeah, go to the program.

Anneliese (27:50)
Yeah, so this is the the actual the program is the ad is sitting here again.

Kate (27:56)
Yeah, that's fine because not everyone would have seen it as well. And also maybe it's been three weeks since they saw it, so they won't even remember. you know, by the time they're coming through. ⁓ interestingly, your top header is very similar, the background. ⁓ just reminded me of a client, a past client that I've worked with that was Yoga Nidra. So also sleep related. So yeah, it's a really similar picture. So I think it's a common, you know, people feel I I feel like people feel like they're in the right place seeing that.

Anneliese (28:26)
Well, for me, ⁓ the reason why it's all dark is obviously blue light. I would just want to be fully in line with everything that I stand for. so it's a calming website. It's not white.

Kate (28:41)
You know. Yes, yeah. No, I think they'll relate to that nicely. Okay, great. one on one personalise support for deep healing, overcoming insomnia, six week intensive programme.

Six weeks for joint online or in person. Guided intersective guided meditations. 20 educational lessons filled with science-backed information and practical lifestyle tools that will help you implement sleep. Okay. So ⁓ what I would say is this here is the ⁓

This is what I do all the time is I'm a literal person. So this is the things they get. But I think what needs to be up the top of the page here is more the benefits for them. ⁓ so like the relief for them. Talking more more to that. And you may have it further down the page, so it just may be that it's not in the right place. ⁓

Anneliese (29:33)
⁓ No, do you know, this is so funny, because I've just taken it out. Yeah, because I was talking to a friend of mine at yoga. He's a guy. Yeah. And he looked at my website and he said, Well, I'm not interested in in the wishy washy. I want to know what what it is.

Kate (29:52)
Yeah. But

is he sleep deprived? Is he your is he your ideal client?

Anneliese (29:58)
No.

Kate (29:59)
No, yeah. I people need you need to address the pain point. ⁓ they just need to know they're in the right place straight away. Cause I think when you come to here, ⁓ this is the literal what you get. And keep keep this here, like it it still needs to be on the page, ⁓ for sure. But I think above it.

Anneliese (30:16)
You mean what you mean is this way I've got it on the maybe I need to send them to the homepage then because here on the homepage, there's me talking about my experience only like really short. And then there's a little bit more, you know, about the program, but then it's this.

Kate (30:37)
Yes, exactly. The nice thing is you you can actually ⁓ on Kajabi save sections and then add them to other pages. Yeah. So I would have it if it's on the homepage, great, but I would all I would still also have it on the program page. Doesn't matter if it's doubled up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because in the future you might have some other things to offer. And so the home page will get busier with other things. So you still just definitely need the the program page for the specific program as well. Yeah. You'll also want to eventually for like tracking metrics as well.

Because ⁓ you know, if you want to see how many people have come from your clicked from your emails through to your through to this page versus anyone that's just come to your home page, you know, so you definitely it's it's a little bit like why how you set up separate forms as well, because you kind of want to be able to see and different checkouts. You just want to be able to track things in the future. Yeah. Yeah. It's also how your meta pixel will work as well for knowing you know, who's come to this page and who hasn't and who to retarget with things. Yeah.

to your homepage. Yeah. So yeah, having so what's called above the f above the fold or above the scroll, this top section. Yeah. ⁓ yeah, definitely addressing the pain point.

Anneliese (31:46)
Okay,

so do you, because above the fold now is obviously Amy's story. Yeah. Do you want, do you feel like I need to put the pain points? Does this sound like you above Amy's story?

Kate (32:00)
Yes, I think you need what you actually need for for website design, what you need is a one line ⁓ that you make header one, the size header one. Yeah. The reason is ⁓ that is what ⁓ that is how all the search engines know about the page. They know what the page is about if yeah, they read header one first. Yeah. Whereas this ⁓ Amy's story is probably like header three, header four. ⁓ it's not as yeah, so you always gotta have a big header at the top. ⁓ and and I would make it

A question or a statement. ⁓ yeah.

Anneliese (32:32)
pretty, do you think that's not heroin?

Kate (32:36)
⁓ it no, yeah, that looks bigger. Yeah. That looks bigger. So maybe that's set to header one. Yeah. Yeah. yeah. So just having something at the top and ⁓ and then you could have Amy's story next. ⁓ and then the benefits they're gonna get out of it. So what's gonna happen at the end of the six weeks or or however long it is, six month program.

Anneliese (33:01)
pain points first.

Kate (33:03)
Yeah, address the pain point with a question or statement at the top.

Anneliese (33:08)
⁓ I just want ⁓ just one one question or do you reckon that that section does this sound like you ⁓ it's too much then or do you?

Kate (33:18)
I would do that next. Yeah. Yeah. And and what you can do instead of having ⁓ big paragraphs of text, ⁓ you could you could break it down into like three blocks, like three icons. So, you know, and just much small like ⁓ the b what's the benefit? You know, you're gonna have more energy to live your life or you know, whatever the big breakthroughs are, for people. So they know at the end of that time, this is how they'll feel, this is what they'll get, like the relief.

Yeah. Yeah. So the pain at the top, then the then the relief and the benefits. Then you can go into say Amy's story, ⁓ the the literal things that you get that you've already got there. ⁓ and I would add more testimonials to this page too, if there's not more, like like what you've got on the homepage. Yeah. And you've got frequently asked questions on here too. ⁓ do you have the price on this page at all? Yeah, great. Yeah, I think that's really good to be

Anneliese (34:04)
Yeah, OK.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Kate (34:16)
transparent about that on this page. Yeah. Great. And they have the option to yeah. Yeah. To go through. Okay. so six weeks intensive. Now, my initial thought when I read about the program in that in this section just above here in the in the navy blue. One on one personalized support. Yeah. Overcoming son of a six week intensive program. Six week program. So you are offering one to one sessions.

In line or in person. Online or in person. Yeah. that makes me wonder. And you may want to test for a bit longer, but I wonder if people are more likely to purchase if they can book a call with you first to know that it's the right thing. Yeah. ⁓ but yeah, frequent so have you got that written here on this page though for them?

Anneliese (35:00)
They can, yeah.

Kate (35:11)
Yeah, so like if they're not sure they could book a call. But actually what some people do is they make that the next step before anyone purchases. So they almost qualify the customer. ⁓ you know, and you at the moment you might be just happy for anyone to come in, but eventually you might find that ⁓ yeah, you want to make sure it's the right people coming in. ⁓

Anneliese (35:31)
Yeah, so the Book of Free Call was actually added, excuse me, a later date. ⁓ I felt the same way, but I haven't. And then I got, I'm sorry, I've already gone through my first, I can't do this anymore. ⁓ So I've just gone through, I can't do this anymore. But of course, I'm not giving up. But that's why I created the free con, are you still there?

Kate (35:58)
Yes, I am. Yeah, I suppose.

Anneliese (36:00)
I created the free consultation button, but that goes goes, I have to ask you about that, too. But I haven't actually put that through the whole website, or as a next step, you know, or through the email sequence either. So that's actually a good point that the first point of entry is just a no obligations free phone call with me, which is 15 minutes or so.

Kate (36:25)
Yeah, yeah. I would make it quite obvious on this page that people can do that. ⁓ 'cause I think especially these kind of people that

Anneliese (36:35)
You cut out.

