Claire (00:11)
Hello.

Milly (00:13)
Hi, ⁓ how are you?

Claire (00:16)
I'm in questions. Where are you? You're probably the

Kate (00:18)
Are

you somewhere tropical?

Claire (00:20)
No, it's just like I'm in this front well, you are you are you in Christchurch at the moment?

Kate (00:24)
Crush issue, yeah. It's like a really hot day here. It is warm actually. I'm in my cousin's house and it's really warm in the house too. So I was like, it's quite warm, it's a bit warmer than I'm in Hallswell right now.

Claire (00:36)
I'm in ⁓ St Albans, is that far? I don't.

Kate (00:39)
yeah, yeah. That's where my best friend lives. Nice.

Claire (00:42)
Yeah, I know. It's yeah, like ridiculously hot. Probably too hot. Well I I have I've literally got like one outfit 'cause I'm speaking tomorrow and then my pajamas. So

Kate (00:50)
Well

I've got my I've got clothes on. I just rewatched a ⁓ a session that I did with a different client bac like a month or two back and I had to rewatch it to catch up on what we said. I was wearing my like literally my pajama top. I was like Nobody knows. I was like, ⁓ that must have been a real hot day in Weeks ago.

Claire (00:52)
I am fully dressed. ⁓

Milly (00:54)
you

Toilet.

Claire (01:13)
Yeah, exactly. my God, some of those videos of you unlike the heat about where you've been in the world.

Milly (01:18)
was very-

Kate (01:19)
Yeah, so this is nice. it's windy here though today too. Really windy. So well, maybe I'm in the windy corner. I'm in the windy corner of Christchurch too. I forget the suburbs are always a lot windier than everywhere else.

Milly (01:31)
is always really hot when it like it's a norbiest wind so it will be really hot dry.

Kate (01:38)
Yeah, I made my cousins to do this call because it takes me so long to get across town at this time of day because she's a hairdresser, I'm getting my hair done after this. So you've got my pre look and ⁓ I'll probably do some videos later today because I'll have nice hair. So yeah. How are you guys getting on?

Milly (01:53)
Yeah. Yeah.

Good!

Claire (01:58)
Thank it's been yeah, we've got our app live, we're just

Kate (02:01)
I know. I was so surprised to see that when you mentioned it. ⁓ a co a running theme at conference hearing people talk about the apps was how long it was taking. You guys must be well down the line for that, but awesome. It took like a

Milly (02:05)
because

I was like, you.

Claire (02:15)
Actually,

one of the things is that while we were slightly told off on our call, Amy, like the guy I was like, I feel like he needs to work on his like I it's just it's just it it's a cultural thing, right? He was Filipino and he was just real direct and yeah, Kajabi sent me the long wrong link. So I'd booked in the wrong thing, but he anyway, we sorted it. But we were the only people, he said, that had actually followed the steps of pre-verification. Right.

Kate (02:24)
really?

Claire (02:46)
Because it to be fair, it's not clear. I only was just like went back to the email. I like, wonder if there's anything else I need to do. So that's why people taking so long because ⁓ So the yeah, the yeah, there's a yeah, they filled in the gap. Yeah, they spoke Very

Kate (02:54)
Filling all the gaps.

That's

really cool. Yeah. They they spoke to it at a conference and you could hear the frustration in Kajabi's voice as well with ⁓ you know, it's the only product that they have, the app, essentially, that it's it relies on third party, you know, it relies on Apple on Google. Yeah. And they're constantly changing the rules on things as well. So I think the Kajabi guys have just been a bit frustrated about that because otherwise they've had free range to do everything else in the Kajabi, you know, in Kajabi world. ⁓ Yeah, so it's the first thing they've had to do lately.

Milly (03:17)
⁓ yeah.

Claire (03:27)
It's

amazing when you say to people, I was like arrived in crush that how things go on. I was like, We've got enough. And they were like, You've got enough.

Kate (03:34)
Well that's what I ⁓

Milly (03:35)
No.

Claire (03:36)
As if we weren't important before.

Kate (03:38)
I know, I know. I've actually got an app too, but I always forget to mention it. ⁓ no, that's cool. That's really cool.

Claire (03:43)
Yeah.

Milly (03:44)
Yeah

Right. ⁓

Claire (03:48)
Sorry,

Millie. Yeah.

Milly (03:51)
We've got Kickstarter Spring going at the moment, Kate, and we managed to set it up all ourselves. No problems. And it's working. So yeah, you've taught us well.

Kate (03:55)
Yeah, well done. Yeah, great. You've

got the rhythm now and you're it can duplicate it. Yeah, cool. Well done guys.

Claire (04:05)
Yeah, and we've got another, we're gonna I I'm literally working on at the moment the 14 week course that we do. Yeah. We're gonna just do it's it's just putting some of the content online. To be honest, it's reusing some of the kickstart stuff and putting it in the same place. So that's cool. Yes, we've got that, but this thing's a bit different because we're trying to

Kate (04:23)
Yeah, right, yeah, right. So tell me about the app though. What what are people accessing in the app? So this is the Kickstart people for now, can they get in the app?

Claire (04:33)
we were not actually running on this current one, Amelie, because it wasn't ready. So we'll do it for the February intake. Yeah.

Kate (04:39)
Cool. So right now it's just kinda like an empty app. It's got your website or something on it.

Claire (04:44)
no, it's got like so ⁓ it's there. So it's exactly the same. It's just we're waiting for Kajabi to do the design updates because it just looks a bit shit at the moment. We don't really we don't want to really use this until ⁓ and but I mean it's fine, but it's very it's very very grey. ⁓ and also things like the markers complete can't be edited.

Kate (04:47)
yeah?

Still got the album Abby. Yeah. Yeah.

Very great. Yeah.

Milly (05:12)
⁓ yeah, yeah, yeah.

Claire (05:14)
Wh which for us we need the thousand dollar thing and all the rest of it to do it. But ⁓ I feel like you know, they're t obviously trying to do that quite quickly. ⁓ so we're hoping I think what we'll do for February is we'll do we won't be like it's all on an app. We'll just be like you can access things on that app or on the things it's a choice to kind of test it. Yes. Amy, I don't think we're gonna like go all

Milly (05:34)
Yeah.

Kate (05:34)
Yeah.

Milly (05:42)
I also got questions just around the reporting side of it and I need to look into it a little bit more I guess but what kind of stats can you get from the app?

Kate (05:51)
The app users. Yeah.

Milly (05:53)
exactly

the same? Does it track the videos and everything and like, yeah, what does it look like? Because we get really important for NIV. Yeah.

Kate (06:03)
I yeah, I don't know the answer to that yet. But ⁓ I imagine though, just knowing how essentially it's just a white label of the Kajabi app. So it should be the same. Yeah, just exactly the same stats, not separate, not not missing because they're using the app. It's literally just an access to the phone version of your

Milly (06:22)
Right, OK.

Claire (06:24)
Yeah, 'cause it's still the same video. We could test it annually, like set something up and then not act it at all on the web and then us watch it on the phone and see if the numbers go up.

Milly (06:32)
Yeah,

Kate (06:34)
Yeah, progress progress story. Yeah.

Claire (06:37)
Yeah. So that's it's it's cool. Like we're we're we're we're in now, we're Kajafi, like we can't get out.

Kate (06:43)
Yeah, you are. Yeah, you're you're one of my first clients to get the app, so that's really cool. ⁓ I've got another client that's applying as well. She's actually probably just down the road from where you're staying right now. Claire, she's in St Albans too. But I'm not sure that she's finished yet all the process with them. So ⁓ yeah. It's really exciting. Cool.

Claire (07:00)
It is really exciting. Yeah. And it's just gives you that extra layer of credibility and also makes the whole thing kind of feel real. But ⁓ this ⁓ is that a cat gonna come in here? ⁓ the yeah, the fine ones with Claire, I think is is it is quite different, I think. And that I'm I'm not nervous as a wrong the word, but I'm just I don't we don't really know how we've always done this bulk upload thing. it's really knowing how to

Yeah, those first couple of questions is the template is really gonna matter. but because it's such a different it's not a course. So

Milly (07:38)
Yeah.

Kate (07:39)
Yeah, I was gonna ask you about that. like having a look at that email and the content that you put in there. More of a like there's content there for people, but it's more of a an accountability, ⁓ well, yeah. Like the guidance and

Milly (07:44)
⁓ It's more... ⁓

Claire (07:53)
different

yeah but one of the main things that I I really need to figure out what is possible in Kujabi is the is the access to the information. So what but the the the take a step back the theme is well being is overwhelming. you try and look after yourself and you are like right I've got to exercise I've got to sleep I've got to do my mindfulness I've got to do go to the dentist I've got to do I've got to do morning words I've got to journal right like

Milly (07:55)
Yeah.

Claire (08:20)
So what I was like, right, let's just at a very affordable cost for people, just like give people permission to just let it go. And we're just doing this one thing, right? Forget what people are saying at the gym, forget what people are saying at work. It's like, you what, I'm I'm done. Like I'm working on my well-being at the moment. This is what I'm doing. Yeah. So it's gonna be like one focus a month. So as I said, that one focus will include a video, some resources, ⁓

A live QA, which we'll do and then it'll get posted. So it's it's kind of like a content ball. So that's all got to sit together, I guess, that people can go into a little square that's called ⁓ January, whatever. Yeah. And inside January is all of the things because then it needs to be easy. It's the access that I'm worried about is the fact that if people sign up to January.

Milly (08:52)
Mm.

Claire (09:17)
What my business coach is saying is that they shouldn't have like lifelong access to January. They should only have access to it for as long as they're paying for the subscription for a following month. But obviously, you don't want to cut people off at the end of the month. So maybe it's like if they pay for a month, they get access for a month afterwards. So so whenever your subscription ends, whichever subscription you choose.

It will go at some point. So basically your access will go at some point unless you're paying. But then if you're still paying for like other months, how can we make sure that access to the first month stays? Like that was a, I don't know how that works.

Kate (09:59)
Yeah. So there's a couple of ways and we would and you'd have to almost ⁓ test and trial it just to make sure. But so in terms of the content, it it sounds like it could either sit in a course product, like you could or a circle in an access group.

Milly (10:15)
Set.

Kate (10:21)
⁓ in a community. 'Cause I'm assuming you want a community side to it as well.

Claire (10:26)
Yes, but what we're thinking is that basically the community isn't necessarily linked to the that month person. It always exists. Yeah. ⁓ and also a bit of FOMO, I think. Like so if people join the community and they see what's a month that they've previously missed, maybe they can buy that month.

Kate (10:33)
No no it's just an over.

Milly (10:47)
Yeah. ⁓

Claire (10:50)
Maybe it's actually each month that they buy, they can access it for only a month afterwards, whatever it is. So i if they're it's just like if someone ⁓ gets it for six months, can they still access the module that they had at the beginning? Or does every module disappear after

Kate (11:06)
Not natively in Kajabi, no. Yeah, so so if it's done in a course product, ⁓ how I would see it working is yeah, literally a module called January, da da da January's things in there, a module called February da da da. You can't, but the problem with that is you can't, ⁓ you know, as you know, everyone's in. So everyone's in and can see all the content. You can't ⁓ limit who can see what within one course.

Milly (11:31)
⁓

Kate (11:33)
So, you know, people can come and go and we can easily automate how long they have access based on the off in the offer area. We can add how many days they have access. So like if they've bought one month then, you know, you might want to give them sixty days access. But it's to everything. You can't kind of control what it is. Yeah, or like make it draft or yeah, but then that removes it for everyone, you know, so which would probably

Milly (11:45)
⁓

Claire (11:49)
He'll have to remove it so it would be

be okay because ⁓ if we like right it's live it the the this course is live and it's live for a month after someone's bought it but then if someone bought

Kate (12:10)
So

you're kinda rolling just have like three months live at at any time, like the last month this month. ⁓

Claire (12:15)
Then if someone's only bought they

should only be able to see

Kate (12:19)
Yeah, so like natively that's not controllable in Kajabi. The the other way that I kind of set working, I used to have a friend that had a setup like this was is in the community. So she had I can't remember if it was access, it must be access groups because of the level. Either access group or circles. And so each month would be a circle. And the current month is a public circle, so everyone in the group can see.

Milly (12:26)
⁓

The.

Kate (12:47)
Previous month or yeah, the previous months are become private circles. I don't know if you can change from public to private though. Because b making them private circles you can ⁓ you know select which members are able to see it and which aren't. I t I think it's gonna be a lot of manual work though. I don't think that's too native. So 'cause there's not a lot of automations coming out of the community yet either. In terms of, you know, being able to use tags or whatever.

Milly (13:08)
⁓

that.

Yeah ⁓

Kate (13:18)
The other option is to have two consecutive products running but the customers only see one. So you have the current month and maybe one month prior ⁓ in one product happening, and then you have constantly ⁓ you're basically you're building the whole twelve months in another product. ⁓ Do you get what I mean? Like, and you can actually because if people purchase 'cause you've got what, what one month, three months and twelve months, is it?

Claire (13:47)
That's what I'm thinking of, because that's the like the financial model that would work for marketing type thing.

Kate (13:59)
I don't like are you planning to pre pre create all the content or just sort of do it month as you go?

Claire (14:05)
We'll probably try and do it at least a month or two in advance. Yes.

Kate (14:08)
Yeah. ⁓

Milly (14:09)
Okay.

Like are you suggesting three courses running, a monthly one, and then a three month one and then 12 month one, you just had the same content, but people would go into the different course depending on what they wanted to do.

Kate (14:29)
So that would work. That that would be the that would be the best data best way to easily control automatically the ⁓ what you know, how much they can see.

And you would just give them access to one of them, like whichever one was relevant. Yeah. And and the nice thing about that now, it's not as manual as it used to be, is that you can like you know, you upload January into the January course or into the, you know, current month course. ⁓ and then you can pull the same content through to the other course products. So you can ⁓ upload a video, which one? the one that's already in this other course. ⁓ you know, to

Milly (14:53)
and

Claire (15:09)
The only thing is people will be starting at different times like

Kate (15:14)
Yeah, so I think that's why the first one would be called Current Month because they're signing up for the current month. Yeah, it's a bit it's it is a little bit tricky.

Milly (15:19)
month.

Claire (15:23)
Isn't it? Yeah. ⁓ what is I mean, and then this is where I may have to rethink what is actually okay. So forget that idea. How do other people do it when they are they're just offering six courses? Subscription, subscription models. How do people do it?

Kate (15:36)
Gruption

models, they just get access to everything for all the time. So like when I first joined hijabi, ⁓ I joined on a business course and I had the option of paying so it was like it was actually about ten different courses, but all bundled into one. And I had the option of paying monthly or a one time payment to get access to everything. And I could and it was kind of step by step. Like I I went in monthly because I thought, yes, I'll just consume it all and go. ⁓ but I but naturally that didn't make sense and it doesn't with health either. So, you know, I had to take my time and go through each of them and probably ended up paying more than the one time.

Milly (15:46)
this.

Kate (16:06)
payment. ⁓ yeah. So like psychologically, even though I've got access to everything, I literally can't get through everything or it doesn't make sense to do everything at once. So Yeah. And that was built on Kajabi, that one. So so like the the actual offers, like you know, how many months people are paying for the subscriptions, how long they've got access to, that stuff's easy. But the restriction of content or trying to try to say tell Kajabi, you know, ⁓ what

bits of content they're allowed, that's the harder part. That's the part that needs a bit of ⁓ testing, definitely. Yeah, and it's not necessarily native to Kajali.

Claire (16:42)
Yeah. And I think so. What we what we also need to consider is that when people sign up, ⁓ do they get access from that day for a month? Because then obviously if we're running a one that is ⁓ a month long, they would it they'd get cut off halfway through the middle of the month. So what we really need to do is start people from the next month, but they just leave the previous month on. And I do think there's something important about content disappearing.

Kate (17:09)
Yeah.

Claire (17:10)
I ⁓

Kate (17:12)
Okay,

you do have control of yeah, turning it on or off. Turning it through, but it's for everyone. Yeah. So I mean I guess what you have to consider is is it an evergreen option? Like can people l not really, you know, people can't just join at any time. You really want people to all start at the same time each month, right?

Claire (17:31)
I think so. I think that everyone

Kate (17:33)
It makes sense because you've got Q and A and yeah, so you you've got everyone. And maybe in the future, like maybe after twelve months it turns into a big old evergreen because you've got most of the content already in there. But it sounds like at this stage it's a yeah, it's a cohort base. And D is so close to launching this in the course product, a cohort situation where this would be perfect. But they haven't yet. But the way around it is you you market, you know, 'cause this will help you with your marketing too. Like, you you're marketing January.

Milly (17:47)
Thanks.

⁓ Yeah.

Kate (18:02)
Yeah. And

so it's almost like your three months and your twelve months will also almost be ⁓ like an upsell at the checkout anyway. So you're just telling people about this month, you know, January, whatever. And then when they get to the checkout, it's like, well, actually, do you want to join us for the next three months or twelve months? Here's the discount. Like, so they can choose at the check. Yeah. Right. But yes, you're marketing the one month. You there has to be a window, obviously. So like, you know, we're leading up to the first of January. So in December, you're selling the first of January.

Milly (18:31)
January.

Kate (18:32)
And yeah, so people just get they don't get access straight away. It's a bit like, you know, you're your Kickstarter before that started. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So they just go into like a wait list confirmation email. Thanks so much. You know, we'll we'll you'll you'll find out on the first. And you but you can actually automate that a bit better than the Kickstart because ⁓ you can actually in the offer, as well as selecting how how many days they're allowed access for, you can select what day they can get access. Okay.

Milly (18:38)
Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah

Claire (19:01)
So so we're really gonna have to in terms of ⁓ the automation of because we're gonna have to add people ourselves, is this something that Kajabi does at checkout? So if they

Kate (19:12)
⁓ yeah, yeah, yeah, that's all you guys know,

Claire (19:14)
Or just did we really have to

Kate (19:17)
Yeah, I forget that's all you guys know. Yes. So people go through the checkout. ⁓ they so say they're they're paying in December for the January start. So they ⁓ they just purchase with their credit card, PayPal, whatever. ⁓ they'll receive a confirmation email that's all set up in

Milly (19:32)
and

Kate (19:34)
Kajabi you in the automations of Kajabi. And then ⁓ they do set up their account at that stage. And so if if they log in or, you know, whatever they choose to go looking for, they just won't see anything. They get to the library page and there's nothing there. ⁓ because they haven't been given access to it yet. So there can be, you know, a little message letting them know the next month starts. Then what happens is on the first of January, ⁓ because it's

preset that they'll get access on that date at the in at the offer level, they'll receive an email that says, Hey, you've been given access to this whatever course community. ⁓ log in anytime and away they go. Yeah. So that's all automated. Obviously you can add your own comms around it as well.

⁓ but that's a

Claire (20:20)
I think that's the best thing to do with If people just pay for a month and they get access to that month, the the the other month will still be live. So they really do get like two for one. ⁓ but that will disappear.

Milly (20:32)
Yeah.

Kate (20:32)
That's kind of

Yeah, so you can just do it all in one course product, yeah, and turn it to draft when when you don't want

Claire (20:43)
After

maybe three weeks after something like it's like

Milly (20:46)
through the month. So halfway through February we would switch off January's.

Kate (20:52)
Well so that's the other thing actually. So what I just explained to you was where they don't see anything until the first of January. But actually they if you wanted to, I don't know if you want this or not though, because that means they're joining halfway through. Yeah, 'cause the other option is that they they can access from when they purchase the current month. But no, that's not what you want, no. You only want them to see the months.

Claire (21:10)
No.

It's the anticipation and I do think it's important that there's a loss, like that there's a there's a loss of ⁓ the loss of that content because otherwise, you know, Millie and I have done this a million times with the things like you just don't watch it because you don't have to. And the whole thing of doing this as a month with everybody else.

Milly (21:27)
Yeah.

Kate (21:31)
And I think too if you had people so say say someone purchased on the twentieth of December ⁓ and you gave them instant access but they could only see December, you know, obviously because January hasn't started. ⁓ I don't think you want that either because then you've got, you know, people just coming in any time. That's the evergreen model. And at the moment while you're gonna do, you know, live Q and A and have the community, then that's yeah, you want people moving through in cohorts together.

Claire (21:52)
Yeah, my friend in the UK runs a thing called Wellbeing Warriors. It's fantastic, but she's got like 52 modules in there and she sells the upsell, and every single one's got a video with an hour, all these worksheets. And it is so overwhelming. Yeah. And I think it devalues like I go in and I'm like, I literally don't know where to start. So I lit I I I check out. Yeah. So and I think this is also about decision for overload. So I think that works because I I I I feel like particularly for the app, it would look

much tidier if we got it like a little square and you know like it looks nicer because the community on the app is a little bit ⁓ it moves around everywhere like it's fine but it like it kind of moves.

Kate (22:35)
like this. ⁓ I I don't find the I didn't do that.

Milly (22:39)
Win.

Claire (22:40)
right format for the size and stuff like that. So it's not it's it's fine, but it's not a great user experience for content.

Kate (22:48)
Yeah, I'm just gonna jump into the actual Kajabi one. Like, does that move around? No. So why would it do that? Like that's the Kajabi one there. ⁓

Milly (22:58)
Yeah.

Claire (22:59)
I I find it really.

Kate (23:00)
So

it's actually so that's actually just a w a web page. That's a browser page that they've put into the app, yeah. If it's moving around like that, I would say.

Milly (23:08)
Yeah. Yeah, interesting.

Claire (23:09)
I mean it's

great. you know, I can see the potential in it, but I definitely think that if we can get it looking more like

Milly (23:15)
That's interesting.

Kate (23:22)
Must be an Apple thing. I'm on Apple though too, but in the actual Kajabi community isn't doing ⁓

Milly (23:26)
Like

all the images are like not the right size. They're not the right size and it just doesn't look.

Kate (23:29)
Yes.

Claire (23:34)
Just

doesn't look very good. It doesn't look very good. Whereas so then the next question is with that format, do you think you know that lady, what she called the sunset one with the

Milly (23:44)
with the...

Kate (23:45)
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Claire (23:47)
Say is that better, but then actually people are only ever gonna see two at a time.

Kate (23:52)
Yeah, no, I I actually think the premiere option is the better one. The one that you've got for Kickstarter. I think that's the better for a turn on, turn off.

Milly (23:59)
Yep.

Claire (24:00)
⁓

that that's that's

Kate (24:02)
Especially on a desktop, ⁓ the momentum or sunset ⁓ one will look yeah, quite bare. Yeah.

Claire (24:10)
Yeah, but presumably we can ⁓

Kate (24:12)
What do you what? So let me put this to you though. If we if you did it like that, what about the people that pay annual?

Claire (24:20)
they're just getting a massive discount on on each month. ⁓

Kate (24:25)
But if you're turning off the turning off the content for previous months.

Claire (24:34)
Yeah, but I guess that they're just getting like each month is cheaper for them.

Milly (24:38)
Yeah. So getting

access to a year's worth of material.

Kate (24:42)
Yeah, so they just get the live it's the live concept, yeah. Okay, no that's

Milly (24:45)
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Cool,

I just wanted to think.

Claire (24:48)
And

I absolutely agree with you, but I almost think it's like I almost think in our QA, Millet, that we could almost make it a selling point. Like the reason we do this is because it is like if we know that when people have all this information at time, it's overwhelming. So very we actually very deliberately do it this way and limit the content to small amounts. So that is a very good

Kate (25:12)
It's like

a it's a handheld accountability peak momentum peak.

Milly (25:17)
Yeah

Claire (25:18)
Yeah, so if okay, there and there absolutely will be situations, somebody's mother in law dies, something happens where they're like, and this was happening, and we don't want to be dicks about this. Genuinely we're like, I was just in the middle of it, I lost my job, blah blah blah blah blah. How could we do that where we could is there a way to do we have a a mirror copy of it where we can just give access to certain thing again for for a month?

Kate (25:24)
Yeah, well.

Milly (25:29)
No.

Kate (25:29)
No I

Claire (25:48)
Awesome thing.

Kate (25:49)
yeah, i i you'd have to have a mirrored copy, but then you'd be turning on and off things individu you know, depending on individuals, but everyone's gonna see everything. So you know

Milly (26:02)
just give them another three months excess yeah for the next month rather

Kate (26:05)
for the current month.

Or if they're really adamant on actually I really wanted I n really needed that month, like the sleep or whatever. ⁓ you know, having just sending this directly sending them like the back up of you know the phone and the ⁓ the phone, the video and the because they're not gonna be able to join the Q and A again about that 'cause that's gone. So ⁓

Milly (26:26)
Yeah.

Kate (26:28)
'Cause if you're turning it off for others.

Yeah. But I think a lot of the scenarios like when I was reading your email, Claire, I think a lot a lot and I went through some scenarios with someone else this morning and I was like, this is probably a one in a thousand chance of happening. But ⁓ yeah, I think a lot of the scenarios it's just a case by case basis. I have it with my yoga clients. There's just really random scenarios that pop up every now and again and ⁓ and we just kind of manage it then because you'll have copies of all your video. You know, everything's still there. ⁓ it's just turned off, it's just on a draft mode. Yeah.

Claire (27:01)
We

could pull it on a landing we could have landing page like 'cause I I'm just thinking that

Kate (27:04)
Yeah,

or you how you've got ⁓ you know how you've got your OneDrive, like for Kate's stuff. You know, like just directing them to a link where it's got everything there. Yeah, or on a landing page or ⁓ but you could have another you could have a duplicate copy as well going, but it's just that you you know, it's whoever you're putting in there, so there's like five people like that, ⁓ and they need five different months and they're gonna see all all of the months.

Milly (27:25)
So.

Claire (27:25)
Yeah, so maybe Millie, well we we've got we have a really nicely organized Office 365 for that is all everything's labeled correctly that actually yeah

Kate (27:34)
'Cause then it's almost like a backup for you anyway. ⁓ not that we've ever needed backups in Java, but it is safe to have something like that as well. So yeah.

Claire (27:43)
And and and I I also think that Millie and I know this part of the brand is just working round people in those individual situations. So people, it's totally worth it for us not to be dicks about that. Yeah. And be like, this is the rule. And I know that other people will just be like, we're too big. This is the rules for us. Holy

Kate (27:55)
Yeah, yeah.

I think wouldn't you find more often than not if someone's if that kind of situation happened that they'd be asking for a refund, usually. ⁓

Claire (28:10)
So yeah, that's an interesting question. I saw I I think that could work. So it's the premiere one that we've got. We leave it up for maybe even three weeks, Millie. Like, because it's no snow to get off our nose, really. Like then in those kind of scenarios, it allows someone to dip back in if they've been on holiday, particularly ones that go through for ⁓ school holidays and stuff. ⁓ we're gonna have to make it really clear on our terms and conditions and how it all works. Yeah.

Kate (28:31)
Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, and I almost ⁓

Milly (28:44)
Yeah.

Kate (28:46)
And say when you're setting up the offer.

Milly (28:49)
but.

Kate (28:51)
almost wouldn't set how long they get access to things. ⁓ I would just

Milly (28:58)
on.

Kate (29:01)
no, yeah, 'cause you want them to purchase each month.

Sorry, I was just gonna say I would just literally manual manually control it from the point of con con ⁓ content, what you're turning on and off. but then they can still log in and see what's there. So you do have to have a an endpoint for them on the on the offer.

Milly (29:19)
Can I just ask if they sign up for a month and then they decide they want to sign up for the next month, how does that work? Do they need to like physically go through the offer again or do

Kate (29:30)
Yeah,

they have to go through a checkout again. Yeah. and that may be where I mean, actually, Claire, have you are have you considered a an a monthly subscription? Is that what you're thinking?

Milly (29:32)
⁓

Claire (29:42)
Yeah, yes, 'cause I don't know how the difference things work.

Kate (29:44)
Yes.

Milly (29:45)
Yeah.

Kate (29:45)
So I think I think that makes it cleaner, actually. It's a monthly subscription. So so people by default people sign up for a monthly subscription. But you can also have the option that people just joined for one month. ⁓ you know, so you could give those two options as well at at checkout. ⁓ monthly subscription, easy. They're in, they get access, auto payment comes out same date every month. one month people, they purchase and then it they've got the

the date set on the offer that will take them away. So they purchase on the twentieth of December and on the twentieth of January, or a bit longer maybe, ⁓ remove the access, revoke access for them. If they purchase before that end date, if they purchase again for another month, then they'll stay in. Where could be to communicate

Milly (30:21)
It's gonna

Right. So

those people really have some strong communication with those people that were paying monthly. We're paying for that only once that first month.

Yeah, so say if you want to see next month's content, can we do that?

Kate (30:47)
You need get us.

Yeah, it w it wouldn't matter if they didn't do it in time. It just whenever they pay again they get access again. So

Milly (30:56)
But then we're saying that they only get access on the first of the month. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Kate (31:00)
Okay.

You almost need to give you almost need to give an incentive, yeah, to join on a subscription then. Because you don't really want people just paying one month. Yeah. I mean they can cancel their subscription at any time.

Milly (31:12)
Yeah. Yeah.

Claire (31:17)
Just gonna try and like sign up for so Dean, my business coach, said that that he spent a lot of time with Kate Ivy, who's a friend of mine, yeah, working out and and the price modeling is based on what they've got for her platform. And he's like, it works, like it absolutely works. ⁓ but she has a monthly thing, Millie. But I wonder how they how she does it because when you go, I'm just seeing a fucking.

Kate (31:44)
Does she offer any kind of free trial? I know that's hard with this concept.

Claire (31:48)
yes, she does seven day free trial. Create an account.

Kate (31:53)
That doesn't really work with your model. No.

Milly (31:54)
now.

Claire (31:56)
So if you then seven day free trial, but then that presumably takes your credit card details at the time, does it?

Kate (32:03)
Yeah, absolutely. And I mean you have to enter your credit card details, but it doesn't charge you until seven days.

Milly (32:08)
See you.

Claire (32:09)
Because that's hard on it. ⁓ God, how do you do that, the subscription? ⁓ can you do a subscription that's just a month therefore it just makes takes a monthly payment? Yeah, yeah.

Kate (32:20)
And you can do one that takes a three monthly payment and you can do one that takes an annual payment.

Automatically. And they can and they can unsubscribe themselves, you know, to stop it. But ⁓ yeah.

Claire (32:28)
That must be what she does.

Kate (32:36)
So it's like that's nice and clean. A subscription is re is a lot cleaner than month by month, especially where your model is that we're taking payment but then you don't get access until now and then

Claire (32:52)
Yeah, sorry, Millie.

Kate (33:04)
Yeah, you can it's you can make it really easy for them to cancel themselves as well. Like, you know, that's actually

Claire (33:09)
The only thing is it's not the same depending on how they sign up for, isn't it? So like if they sign it for a month, it's thirty seven dollars, but if they signed it for three months, it's twenty seven dollars. So what if they signed up that's just saying per month on average, if they sign it for three months but then cancel it one, that they then have got the first month for twenty seven dollars?

Kate (33:32)
I do see.

Claire (33:33)
We

must take prepayment for that three months.

Milly (33:38)
Bye.

Claire (33:39)
Yeah, you had a sleep.

Kate (33:40)
No, yeah. So for the three months, exactly, they're pa they pay for three months up front.

And then they pay so it's quarterly payments. Yeah. That's what my membership is. I love

Milly (33:51)
payments.

Kate (33:53)
Would leave subscription.

Claire (33:55)
God, how do we figure out that out?

Kate (33:57)
Well, that's really simple in Kajabi, but yeah. ⁓

Claire (34:03)
So what do we need to do? God. Yeah, I don't know how to how to what do we need to do there? Just decide. I mean, I I think, yeah, essentially we either what it's it's more expensive if people just pay for a month, if they pay for three months in advance, it's cheaper.

Kate (34:17)
Yeah, so your month almost becomes the test trial, like like if they if they want to carry on like they'll only commit to a month to start off with and then maybe they'll join the three months or the twelve month.

Milly (34:21)
Yeah.

Claire (34:27)
Yeah. It's just how do we work out that whole comms thing around that journey for somebody if they only sign up for a month to get them

Kate (34:38)
⁓ Yeah. I mm to be honest, I would just leave it as a monthly subscription rather than just offer one month up. Like But I've got some my yoga clients used to do this. So yeah, you've got to have it's all separate checkup pages anyway. ⁓ and your one month the people that just sign up for one month, ⁓ you have automated emails attached to that. So ⁓ you know

Milly (34:47)
Yeah, ⁓

Kate (35:04)
it welcomes them, lets them know, you know, we're starting on this date. And then at the end of the month it's just reminding them, Hey, if you want to carry on with us, here goes the link to, you know, keep paying monthly. And that's the monthly subscription.

Claire (35:20)
And then and then the people that pay for three months.

Kate (35:23)
Same thing. You can have an email set up to remind them you know Well, it's a it's an online subscription. Yeah, but you can have emails set up to remind them that their payment's gonna come.

Claire (35:36)
And then they would be charged for another three months, like another to three months at a time. What if they want to change?

Kate (35:43)
Yeah, so they can change. Yeah. They can Yeah, it's it's ⁓ you'd manually they'd have to unsubs unsubscribe from this one and then join again on the new one.

Claire (35:46)
And just put it

Milly (35:55)
But.

Claire (35:57)
We and subscribe and problem.

Kate (35:59)
⁓ yeah, you can you can set it so that they can or you can. ⁓ and just have there's actually new laws. I think they're only based on in America though, around customers having to have the right to be able to cancel themselves. But I think it's only American based at this stage. But ⁓ yeah, in the back end of Kajabi there's in the settings, there's ⁓ an area there, I think it's under the checkout settings or something like that, where you can choose whether you they have to contact you to cancel or whether they can cancel themselves.

Claire (36:28)
So at the moment, if they if they there's a way to just charge them for a month, you think, and them not get charged

Kate (36:36)
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's just a one time payment thing.

Claire (36:39)
One time payments. And then and then the other ones, the three months. actually no, the three months is still a one time they're all one time payments, aren't they? Is that

Kate (36:48)
No, I I would suggest that others are subscriptions.

Claire (36:53)
because it's less mentally hard for people. but then that's hard, but then they then they might they're getting the discount. But if they sub like say that they're getting it for nineteen dollars a month rather than thirty seven, but then if they cancel after six months, they or three months, they got three months for nineteen dollars a month.

Kate (37:09)
Yeah. But that's what you're offering.

Claire (37:14)
But then people would just sign it for twelve months and then cancel after a month and then they

Milly (37:15)
Thank

Kate (37:18)
So

I think I think well we're getting confused too is subscriptions and payment plans. So you're saying ⁓ sign up for one month, just one month, or sign up for three months and pay less, ⁓ but do pay one lump sum for those three months.

Claire (37:33)
think it would probably have to be based on that model because otherwise people would could sign up for twelve months and then ⁓

Kate (37:41)
So it's the It's the same for subscription. So they're paying for the full three months in January or December. And then in March they pay for the next three months, same price. Like the big price. the for the three months. Yeah. Not just nineteen dollars each month.

Claire (37:59)
So i.e., you're not having to go back to them and ask for the money again three months later.

Kate (38:04)
No, it's just automated. Yeah. And if they want to change, they can so actually you can set it up too. So it's if they want to change, they can you can set up automation. So they press a button and and in the back end, Kajavi knows too. Unsubscribe in from this one and and now the they'll press a button and go to the go through the checker. They wanna change, say, from three months to twelve months, ⁓ after three months 'cause they know, yeah, I'm gonna stick around and let's get it cheaper. ⁓ they can change.

So they go through the twelve month checkout and pay, and Kajabi knows to unsubscribe them from the three month and add them to the twelve months. In the orange.

Milly (38:37)
Yeah.

Claire (38:40)
So we'd have to make it very clear that if people sign up for three months, that they will automatically get charged again after three months if they don't.

Kate (38:46)
And they're not gonna get a refund for the outs you know, for anything they haven't used if they cancel within the three months. Like they're committed to three months.

Claire (38:56)
Which is obviously better for us, but is it safer to just have a three month and it extends and then just ask them again for money?

Kate (39:05)
You'll have a drop off for sure. I know. Because it makes people have to go and do something. They have to remember to do it.

Claire (39:07)
Yeah, that's totally that's the that's the ⁓

So it's kind of like three monthly. actually, so it's it's actually it's it's actually in the wording, isn't it? So it's like one one one off.

Milly (39:20)
Yeah.

Kate (39:23)
One. I call mine quarterly. I don't know if that works for the audience, but season three mil.

Claire (39:30)
Season.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Season, which is ⁓ yeah, you get it for a season which is kind of three months. and then you'll get charged again in this you can change or or a year. ⁓ and then you get charged again. Yeah, it's language, isn't it, which is really

Kate (39:35)
Commit to a season, yeah.

And they do have control in their own settings after they've logged in. They have control of like changing their credit card if they want to, or you know, and that's where they can choose to can whether you can choose whether they have access to cancel or they have to contact you to cancel.

Claire (39:57)
Perfect. But we actually take the three months up front. Right. Okay, that makes sense.

Kate (40:03)
If they wanna pay monthly, then they pay the monthly subscription, which is a little bit more.

Claire (40:09)
And right, so then Yeah, that's an interesting but I mean

Kate (40:12)
If you want to offer a monthly monthly subscription.

Claire (40:18)
Yeah, I mean that's it so we you could do that pay monthly. Mm remove the one month.

Kate (40:24)
Yeah, I think so. I think it's cleaner having subscriptions. And and if you find that as a resistance, like once you start get get going, then it may be that you bring in just the one month as a sort of teaser for people like, Hey, just come join us for a month and see how you get on. Almost like a f a free trial, but it's one month.

Claire (40:42)
Yeah,

and and basically we just get really clear around cancelling and be really fair about that, you know. ⁓ and it's it's it's pay monthly. So to try it, you know, and just you just need to cancel by this date. Because also if you pay monthly and then you end up paying for two months, like this is what will happen. We get two months worth of payments because people forgot, but they've still got access to a whole nother month, so they'll probably do it.

Kate (41:04)
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I heard a really funny thing at Kajabi Hero Live actually, which I'd never thought about before. It was Brendan Bouchard and he's because he's big on having money back guarantees. But he has but I he's a bit sneaky about it. It's not sneaky, it's very sensible. His courses are five weeks. He does five week programs, but his money back guarantees are thirty thirty day money back guarantees. So nobody can nobody asks for a guarantee while the course is still going.

Like they always ask for it at the end and then they go, I didn't but past the thirty days by then. I was like, my god, that's actually quite genius, but Yeah, this is just a a similar kind of yeah, psychology of people still got access. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So we need this kind of thing too clear where where it's kinda new, it's new to you, new to your audience. It it will be some trial and error on how those ⁓ how those pricing things work, like how the

Claire (41:40)
Yeah, but

I mean

Kate (42:00)
subscriptions work and your customers might even tell you, you know, after a while how they want to pay.

Milly (42:06)
might request different things.

Claire (42:10)
Yeah, okay. So just to confirm, so the pricing we're basically going to do monthly season, which is you pay three, you get you get access for three months. ⁓ and then annual ⁓ but and they are upfront and renew, ⁓ auto renew, and that's cancelled. Yeah, that's perfect. And as long as the comms around that is fine. ⁓ and you can help us set up those pages or or what and subsequent.

Milly (42:30)
Yeah.

Claire (42:40)
Yeah, I guess what we need you we can talk about next steps, but is like if we know what our expectations are and you can set up the template and say, right, you need to one, write this email, write this email, write this email, we can do that. It's just that we don't know what we need to do. ⁓ like if if you were able to have a to do list of like set up this, do this, write this email, write that email. Like we can do the doing, but we just don't know what we're missing.

Milly (42:58)
Congratulations, we need.

Kate (42:59)
Yeah, yeah.

Milly (43:09)
Yeah, yeah, yeah. ⁓

Claire (43:13)
It's the framework we need set up, but we you know, we can do the fonts and the things and the

Kate (43:17)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I was just thinking which way round, ⁓ because actually

Milly (43:24)
Yeah. ⁓

Kate (43:26)
So

You how do you feel about the checkouts, Millie?

Milly (43:33)
Good. Yes, I can have a play of it. If I have a play and set it up and then you can.

Kate (43:33)
The office? Yeah, the office.

Yeah, I feel I feel like that's what order it needs to go in is you guys go in and do what you can do and then come and I can do a test over and see what's missing and and advice from there. ⁓ because I think when you're building naturally stuff just comes to you. Like you'll like, yeah, and actually we're we're gonna have to send them an email about that. So yeah. I think that's ⁓ 'cause there's a lot of but you'll find it's really natural in Kajabi what you're doing checkouts. Like it's just

Milly (43:51)
Yeah, yeah.

Claire (44:04)
My god, yeah.

Kate (44:11)
Yeah, it's made it's made on a model, so yeah.

Claire (44:14)
We've we've done which template is best. ⁓

Kate (44:18)
Yeah, yeah I think stick with your premium.

Claire (44:21)
Premier one. And I think I'm I I would like it to make it look a bit different. I don't know. I mean y the whole I don't know how to do that, but the you can make the whole page look different, can't

Kate (44:28)
Absolutely.

You can make yeah. Yeah, you can change all the colours, you can ⁓ change what's down the sides, you can change what's up the top in the header. Is this brand still gonna be fine wellness, by the way?

Claire (44:39)
It is. It's gonna be fine wellness with Claire. So it'll probably have like it will will use images. I need to go and get a new photo shoot, but like my friend, like again, going back to Kate, like her brand is her by the mountains. Like if you think about Kate Ivy, there's pictures of her where you instantly go, ⁓ that's Kate. Like that's what she does. And I think I need photos that are like in nature, yeah. That are then like that's I think we'll use a bit more photography in the headers and

Yeah. Stuff around Millie, like to make it look less block colour. Also, what's super interesting, you know, on the app, it doesn't and none of that appears at all.

Milly (45:11)
Yeah.

Kate (45:18)
Can I

Claire (45:20)
So like and even the welcome video at the top doesn't appear.

Kate (45:24)
that's annoying.

Claire (45:25)
you can't get that. So then we're gonna have to move that into

Kate (45:28)
Into a module. Yeah. Yeah, that's annoying. Yeah, that's very much still the Kajabi basic app. Yeah. With you guys on the front. Okay.

Milly (45:36)
Yeah.

Claire (45:40)
I mean, but they they're you know, to their own admission, this is very early and they they they haven't they they haven't done

Kate (45:45)
Yeah,

yeah, they're just getting people o on board with it. Yeah. ⁓ and so what dates have you got for what have you got in mind for when you're gonna start?

Claire (45:52)
When it's ready. So ⁓ yeah, like it we are ⁓ Millie and I've got to do a rebuild of the reset, which is our 14 week one. Basically get that onto Kajabi. So that's the priority for the end of the year. What we want to do, I mean, I think probably, I mean, I'd love that love maybe like March time. You know, I mean, we're not gonna be ready for February. We we might have it ready, but I'm not gonna bust yeah, I'm not gonna bust it back.

Milly (46:17)
You've got to do marketing as well.

Claire (46:20)
No point trying to it's basically it's not gonna be January because that means that all this shit's gonna be done December. It's not gonna happen. I want it set I

Kate (46:27)
You're also competing with massive stuff in January, right? As well. So you might as well just wait till everyone falls off the wagon in February. Yeah.

Claire (46:36)
And I and it's not gonna be a new year like new

Kate (46:38)
Yeah.

Yeah, that's the thing. So move away from that.

Claire (46:41)
So I feel like Marchy time, which gives us time in February. Like if the first module is in March, great. In April, I think it needs to be because my June, my book comes out in June. So I'd like to ⁓ almost do like a soft launch of it. ⁓ and have some, you know, like just yeah, soft for like March. ⁓ I think March is if we can get it ready by March Millie, I think it's kind of reasonable.

Milly (47:07)
I'll do it, though.

Kate (47:08)
Okay.

Claire (47:08)
Doable.

We're all about doable these days. Like there's no point killing ourselves to get done by January and then it not being ready. We might test some content in February. Because realistically what that means is it's gonna have to be set up before Christmas, like or started mostly before Christmas. The the framework of it.

Kate (47:24)
Yeah, I think your course is gonna be the biggest part, like the the course framework. ⁓ and obviously just setting up these automations, but the like your community's already there. It's just setting up another access group, like for these guys in the circle. So so the foundations of the community's already been done. ⁓ Yeah, you you I mean, if you wanted to, you could even just duplicate a Kickstart course to reset, you know, and change everything. I mean, I don't know if it makes sense to do that and delete it or probably not, probably makes sense to start over.

Not fresh. Yeah, because you're only gonna be adding one module at a time. ⁓ yeah, that's your biggest part. ⁓ and your checkouts. So the the other thing you haven't done with checkouts before with offers is like the the customization of the offers because no one's ever seen them before. So yeah, like front the front end checkouts. Yeah. So ⁓ th they're a little bit minim like limited in what you can do with them.

Milly (48:16)
Okay, okay.

there's the emails that go, the automated emails that go afterwards, is that set up through the check out as well? Yep, yeah.

Kate (48:28)
Yeah, you'll see that automations at the bottom of the offer where you can choose all the different automations, tag people, ⁓ send an email. Yeah, all those kind of

Milly (48:34)
Yeah.

Claire (48:36)
other

thing that we will do is I well I think I had it in here ⁓ how did best are supporting emails so in do people I suppose it depends on the on the I feel like what we've done what works really well with Kickstart is the emails that push people to the course or push people to the app ⁓ as part of it and what I'm thinking here is we do one at the start one at the middle and one at the end

Does that I presume that could to be honest, we probably might do that through MailChimp. Yeah. Because we've actually had to pull all of our emails off Kajabi onto MailChimp. We've had to rebuild the entire thing in MailChimp. Just formulae. my God. Just for for stats for NIB, it it w like at the end of the day, we if we don't if we don't give them the data, we don't get paid. And it got to the point where we were like, literally they're asking for stuff we cannot give them.

Kate (49:16)
really?

Pause.

Yeah, but that's

da

Milly (49:30)
Yep, yep.

Claire (49:36)
And we have a platform that we already pay for, like suck up when we we rebuild rebuild it in that. But essentially that would just require no fuck, hang on.

Kate (49:46)
So no, yeah. So you would have a template, you would have your three templates, your well you know, your start of month, your middle of month, your whatever else, encouraging people to carry on for the next month or whatever. Three templates in MailTim or Kajabi, wherever you want to do it, and you would literally, you know, you could pre prepare them each month. So what so in so for the first one in March, you know, you've you pre prepare them but you have them scheduled to send on certain dates. So that's three separate not a sequence, it's three separate broadcasts. Right.

Milly (50:13)
is

Claire (50:17)
Yeah, three broadcasts. That's a and and I wonder if that's gonna be a ball like broadcast. Hang on, because I'm just trying to think. If we do it in MailChimp, who gets those? Paid.

Kate (50:26)
Yeah, so

Yeah. I think we'd use tags because what what's gonna happen now if you're using MailChimp for emails is we're gonna have to send people to MailChimp as well, which is fine. We can do that easy. There's an integration in Kajabi. ⁓ so when people purchase ⁓ for so in if they purchase in March for April, they ⁓ get sent to MailChimp with a tag that says April and that's who you're sending the broadcast to the April people.

Claire (50:53)
and it automatically adds that to Melchim.

Milly (50:56)
Yeah, yeah.

Kate (50:57)
So it'll add them to your mail champ with that tag. And then when you go to send those broadcasts, that's who you're sending it to, that customer base. The people that have that

Milly (51:06)
So if they're on a month, like what about, so what would happen?

Kate (51:11)
Yeah.

So if they buy if they purchase the three months three months lease, then they get ⁓ well you could just have one tag for three months leads, like ⁓ or h or have them that they get added April, May, June tags. whatever tags you decide. Yeah, it's just yeah, that's who you need to send it to. Exactly. ⁓

Milly (51:25)
Right, so when I sit at the.

of the April plus three monthly.

Okay, so you'd like, okay, so it'd be like three months.

Kate (51:38)
And then there needs to be ⁓

automation set up on the offers too that also revokes so when they cancel their subscription, it takes the tags away from them and then it talks to Mailchip too.

Milly (51:52)
Yeah.

Kate (51:54)
Because you don't want obviously someone signing up for a year and or three months and then cancel them ⁓ or that they don't carry on after the next three months. Yeah, you need to be able to take the tags away. Yeah.

Claire (52:05)
It's is the other way to do it, I know this is a manual way, but like would it be would it be easy to tell in Kajabi who is signed up for April and then you just export them and just put

Kate (52:14)
Only with tags. Yeah, only with tags because you're going to be using the same checkout all the time. Like not just for each month. Like there's not just a an April checkout and a May check out and a yeah. So you're still gonna have to use tags to identify

Well actually you ⁓ if you were using Kajabi you could you can send emails based on who has current access to the product.

Milly (52:42)
which is the easiest.

Kate (52:43)
That's

easy.

Claire (52:44)
But actually we don't need we don't need

Kate (52:46)
Export.

Well, if you do still want to use MailTemp, you could export at any time from Kajabi the people that have access to the product.

And then track them into Mail Chump and send the email. But

Claire (53:00)
Would it be easier to use Kajabi autum would would Kajabi automate that for us? If they had a an active subscription, they would get the email. Yeah. So I think realistically Millie will have to do that 'cause we

Milly (53:10)
need

the steps for those do it like we don't need to be that proud of anyone.

Claire (53:15)
Yeah, no, you're right. And we'll have to have all the like go into junk mail stuff and all that stuff, Millie, all the like ⁓ you know, how to make yeah. Yeah. It's the Gmail accounts and the Yahoo accounts that just fuck us over, don't they?

Milly (53:30)
I think people are having issues with that at the moment, whole, like, email's going to junk.

Kate (53:34)
hear a lot of it anymore. ⁓ I have a lot of clients that would have customers that do have those kind of emails, like yoga clients and stuff. ⁓ but maybe they just don't know. Maybe, you know, maybe that's not getting feedback to them. So it doesn't seem to be talked about much in the Kajabi group anymore.

Milly (53:36)
⁓ yeah.

My

Claire (53:55)
So I would say Millie that it would be worth and I know this is a manual step, but I think every single time someone signs up that it's worth you sending them a welcome email with the ⁓ how to read whatever, if it's not working at any point, this is your point.

Kate (54:10)
The other thing is too is in the first email that they receive, making it like compulsory that they had to reply to you with the answer to something.

Claire (54:19)
yeah.

Milly (54:20)
rise.

Kate (54:22)
because that builds that reputation. So they know that they're looking they know they're waiting for their email so they can reply with something. And if you make it about them, you know, people wanna think that they're getting a unique experience. ⁓

Milly (54:33)
Yeah.

Kate (54:35)
I don't know what that would be, what that question would be, but

Claire (54:37)
Pri we're gonna have prizes every month. Right.

Kate (54:40)
So Yeah, okay, yeah. So that's the incentive. Yeah. So it's just starting to build that reputation straight away, knowing whether they got that email or not, they'll let you know straight away if they didn't because they knew they were waiting for it.

Milly (54:51)
Yeah, yeah. Well, we're sending texts now. Kickstart and that's working really well and that has definitely been when people are looking for the email, they're not finding it. They'll contact me through text and I saw that Kajabi is bringing out. Which is going to be great because that. Yeah, yeah.

Kate (54:54)
yeah.

Yeah, it's amazing. Yeah.

Yeah, they're

bringing out I thought about you guys. SMS and the new community. Have you been shown the new communities yet? New community's really nice.

Claire (55:17)
No.

Milly (55:17)
Bye.

Claire (55:22)
Will that automatically change for us? It'll just

Kate (55:24)
No not yet.

Milly (55:26)
Yes,

but...

Kate (55:29)
we can arrange for you to be able to get access to it so that you can have a play. Because I can't even play in it 'cause I don't have a community. So yeah, but I did get given a little QR code to to have advanced access to play. But I don't want to do it while you're live with a Kickstar group. Because I don't know w how much it changes. Okay.

Milly (55:45)
Okay. Yeah.

Claire (55:49)
Well

that that's good to know that that that's changing. So then

Milly (55:53)
the Wednesday ECMAS coming in.

Kate (55:55)
They didn't give us dates for anything, so yeah. It's it'll be soon though. I think it'll be this year, I think.

Yeah, there's some really cool stuff coming. but the commun the commu the new look community is like when I first saw it was when I went to the London sessions, it's like to me it was like this is gonna be the dashboard of everybody's online customer businesses and everything's gonna stream off this, which makes so much sense for you guys as well. Like, you know, this is gonna be the community's their dashboard and then they just click a button to get to their course and they, you know, communicate here. It looks a whole lot more like a Facebook group. ⁓ with the feed down the middle and just yeah, it's really nice. Yeah.

Claire (56:36)
So I've gotten written, how do we manage the community? Will they get auto lately taken off if the subscription ends? That's a yes yes.

Milly (56:42)
Yeah, just a.

Kate (56:43)
Thanks. Yeah. Revokes. Yeah.

Claire (56:45)
A revoked. So the other question was how best to run the live Q<unk>As?

Kate (56:49)
Yeah, in the community, I think. In the live room in the community. Use that yet? ⁓ yeah. So you can just you can preset them, like the dates of them. ⁓ they're called meetups in the communities. ⁓ preset them and then you can choose to do it in K Kajabi, like there's a live room button where can just go live. ⁓ or you can still have the Zoom link or wherever you prefer to do it. But the live rooms and community are similar to Zoom, so you people, you know, click the button.

Claire (56:53)
okay. No, no.

Kate (57:18)
They get notified when you're going live and they come in and everyone's there and you can see them as well. So you can see their faces, but you can choose to, you know, put everyone to the side and mute everyone and it's just you there.

Claire (57:30)
they

can choose to turn their face off.

Milly (57:32)
Yeah, ⁓

Kate (57:34)
Yeah, so it's as similar to Zoom, yeah, as as anything. Other option is you can go live in the course as well, in the course modules.

Claire (57:38)
Might as well use that 'cause don't want to pay for a zine.

Kate (57:45)
But the difference is in the course modules it's more like a Facebook live. So you you it's just you talking, you can't see anyone.

Claire (57:52)
Right. So yeah, I think we

Kate (57:53)
I think they can just see you.

Milly (57:54)
Bye bye.

Claire (57:56)
Yeah, I think the live aspect and again if people can turn their cameras off. It's also quite cool for other people to see other people in it, which I think is ⁓

Kate (58:02)
Yeah.

And you can share screen and, you know, do all that stuff as well. I think you can do

Claire (58:07)
Do the change the name thing, Millie, on that as well. Like my god, my god, the difference between telling people that they can change their name. Like it took us a while to figure out that you have to have two names, you know, that you can change your name, but you've got to have a surname, otherwise it defaults to I think you taught us that, didn't you? Yeah.

Kate (58:16)
yeah.

You're gonna have an initial at least, don't you? Yeah. ⁓

Claire (58:30)
But it it has changed the game on interaction with community Amy Lee. Like the game. Yeah. So I think I I I'm gonna have to have like a video that is explains how it all works and all the ⁓ that sits somewhere. Maybe actually like a welcome thing at the top, Millie, that's that that that continually stays there that we push people to on their first month. We send them to that section.

Milly (58:34)
Thanks, folks.

Claire (58:57)
We're gonna have to think we're gonna have to map out a journey, I think, Amy. Yeah.

Milly (59:01)
Yeah.

Kate (59:02)
Paper. Yeah, and I think that there there is gonna be a bit of you're gonna have to just have to do a bit of testing and stuff too, as which as we know is difficult as like users and admins. But yeah, just to see how it works.

Claire (59:13)
Yeah, I think the payment thing is the mu the biggest thing that I was concerned about. would we like people to access content subscription and yeah, okay. Would if signed at mid-month, they don't get yeah. Okay, so we just need to give it a bash, basically.

Kate (59:27)
Yeah. Yeah. And and definitely like let's have another session or let's, you know, once once you've got done what you can do, as far as you can do, and I can jump in and have a play, make a list of the rest of the stuff, yeah what you can't.

Milly (59:40)
Yeah. ⁓

Claire (59:41)
Yeah, it's really gonna be those like things that we haven't thought about, which is emails to this person going there, like what if they that is what we will miss. the assumptions of what happens when the what if. What if this happens and what if that happens for that person. Yeah. ⁓

Kate (59:57)
All

possible and I think now that we've spoken through the access and the types of subscriptions and payments and stuff, that's all possible now too, if we if you stick to that. So yeah, I think the lumpy bumpy was where yeah, where there was just multiple bits that you would have to manually manage a little bit with

Claire (1:00:14)
Yeah,

because we can just do a dummy, a dummy page, basically. Because if we've got it, if we've got the template sorted, we don't need anything in then we can just put a dummy video, a dummy this, a dummy that in it. ⁓ meant it's just the it's the process. Just because people can you know, people have got such high expectations. that it's kind of like thinking of all the potential things that won't work. And a soft, a soft launch.

Milly (1:00:38)
Yes.

⁓

Kate (1:00:39)
Yeah, with some friends and stuff. Yeah.

Milly (1:00:41)
Yeah.

Claire (1:00:42)
In

fact, that's a good point here, Millie. Like by put for like January and February, we could literally just put some wrong videos up there. Like just some old videos that and just be like, listen, we're just gonna set up the my credit card, do this.

Milly (1:00:53)
Yeah, Tuesday.

Kate (1:00:56)
See

how it works. Yeah. I mean you can just set up the

Milly (1:01:00)
Bye!

Kate (1:01:01)
like the offers, the credit card the, you know, for people to test with credit cards, you know, set them to one dollar or something like that, one dollar a month or one dollar a quarter or whatever. ⁓ to test.

Milly (1:01:10)
Yeah. ⁓

Claire (1:01:13)
That's good. I that's re yeah, we'll definitely do that because it's definitely worth delaying the promotion a month or two months.

Milly (1:01:19)
to get it right.

Claire (1:01:21)
to get it right. Like we've absolutely learned that with Kickstart. ⁓ so test run for Jan Feb basically. Because if we can get the set up.

Milly (1:01:33)
I was just looking at Kajabi today and we've got 13 of 15 products used. I think we're on a 15 product thing. Does that mean I've got to delete material? What do you do?

Kate (1:01:45)
Yeah. You you can if you want. ⁓ yeah, your pr your first lot of kick starts or if there's any test ones still sitting in there. you literally have to delete them though. You can't make them draft to make up Okay. Yeah, yeah. you can start creating new products and draft. All right. Publish them, but yeah, but this is only gonna take two more, I think. Two more

Milly (1:02:02)
and then.

But

each time we build a new kickstart, we build a new course. we will need to. yeah, right. We can get rid of the test ones to start with.

Kate (1:02:15)
Yeah.

And then maybe your first round of kickstart 'cause those people don't have access anymore, do they?

Milly (1:02:20)
Not, not, okay. It's just scary.

Claire (1:02:23)
Good job.

Kate (1:02:23)
I know, I know. It's just just think about any other content. You know, if there's any content that's not I I assume you've got one. Yeah, no, because yeah. Yeah, you're heading ⁓

Milly (1:02:33)
Yeah.

We can't. So yeah. Okay, Sweet. Okay.

Kate (1:02:38)
It is

Claire (1:02:39)
So in that sense, should we edit it every time? No, because it doesn't reset the stats, Amelie. That's the problem. Right. Okay. ⁓ okay, cool. All right. Well, we'll

Kate (1:02:44)
That's why.

There's a new ⁓ there's a new analytics dashboard coming out too and it's got some re I've actually got access to it already, you guys might too. ⁓ it's got a whole list of different reports. I don't know if there's new analytics there, but it might be worth having a wee look. Yeah.

Milly (1:03:05)
Okay, we'll have a look.

Claire (1:03:07)
well well we're always looking for a number of

Kate (1:03:10)
It's more like ⁓ it's more like, you know, zero when you can go in and have a look at the list of reports and see which ones you want. It's kinda like that. Like you can go for different kinds of reports and pull. I haven't actually pulled one yet to see what it looks like, but yeah. ⁓ it's a bit more kind of interactive y looking as well. Their dashboard it's yeah, the new brand's beautiful, like it looks really great. So

Claire (1:03:29)
It does

look really good. We had no idea. I was like, why has everything changed?

Kate (1:03:32)
yeah, we're surprised. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Why they rebranded a week before the annual conference, I don't know. I those poor staff. But anyway. it's been much. Yeah, it looks really nice in the back end. Okay, cool. Does that has that helped has that answered all the questions? I haven't been looking at the questions, so

Claire (1:03:43)
It does it does look good and the user experience is

I think

so. I think Millie and I have got a meeting on Friday where we'll Matt talk about this and we'll talk about the other stuff and we'll get some time frames sorted and

Kate (1:03:59)
Yeah.

Cool. Even if you wanna have a go mapping it out, like just, you know, community course, what do the offers look like, three separate offers for those three separate subscriptions. ⁓ then it's gonna also be about like how you're putting those on your website, like how people are gonna choose what well it's just three separate buttons, you know, three pricing cards or something with the options, one month, two months, three months, one yeah, or just going monthly, advertising it as a monthly

Claire (1:04:17)
No idea how to do that, right?

Kate (1:04:29)
subscription and then in the checkouts you can ⁓ upsell.

Milly (1:04:33)
by three months and 12 months.

Claire (1:04:35)
Yeah, because we need to we need to plan a whole find wellness page for the website. Like we're gonna have to do a whole marketing sales page. ⁓ basically gonna copy case.

Kate (1:04:41)
Yeah, sales page, yeah.

Yeah, cool. Why not? Yeah, the other Yeah. When you don't Natively in Kajabi, that's how you can do it, like with the upsells and down sales and stuff. But you can ⁓ I I can code in radio buttons as well. So people go in and they choose between one, three and a year, like all in one checkout. yeah. You do have to set up three separate checkouts for it, but you you radio co ⁓ your code in so that when they're just a bit more work and it

Milly (1:04:48)
Thanks

Claire (1:04:50)
I don't feel bad about that. I'm like, Yeah, she is it

Milly (1:04:53)
⁓

Kate (1:05:15)
⁓ needs ongoing well, if you ever change the prices and stuff then you have to change the code and that, yeah. So

Claire (1:05:23)
Easy is good, whatever is whatever is easy.

Kate (1:05:25)
Yeah.

Well I think most people would say, most sales gurus say that people make the decision on the sales page, not at the checkout. So yeah, so if you're gonna show them all three options, then show them on the sales page and they click the button that goes through to the relevant checkout.

Claire (1:05:38)
Yes, yeah, yeah, okay. Yeah. ⁓ sales page three prices, which is exactly what Kate does. Yeah. I'm actually gonna go through her thing now and see how it f how it asks you to spend money. ⁓

Kate (1:05:49)
Yeah, yeah. See what it looks like. And see what's on the checkout as well. Like what what other options are there on the checkout? Is she selling something else? Is there an upsell? Yeah.

Milly (1:05:57)
Yeah. Cool.

Kate (1:06:01)
Because you have the option to sell things as well, Clear. I'll check out because Javi's bringing carts as well, by the way. And gifts, gift vouchers. So people can gift this program to someone else. ⁓ Yeah, but carts as well. So you're gonna be able to start selling your products as upsellers. Your food containers.

Milly (1:06:10)
That's a one.

Claire (1:06:16)
Well.

Milly (1:06:18)
Trickers, bail trekkers,

Kate (1:06:22)
And people would just have to tag it on with their membership.

Claire (1:06:27)
Yeah. ⁓

Milly (1:06:28)
That's real

good.

Kate (1:06:29)
It's really exciting, yeah.

Claire (1:06:31)
Yeah. Okay. ⁓ Exciting, exciting, exciting. Yeah. And then I've just got to commit to doing this for twelve months in advance. So the only thing that stresses me out is I'm like, what if something happens and I don't want to do this for another year and then I've committed to it? Well, how do you do that? Someone's paid a year up front. Do you just figure a refund?

Milly (1:06:34)
I'm not a f***ing

Kate (1:06:35)
Right.

Yeah, I would say so, yeah.

Claire (1:06:54)
Yeah, then you just yeah, do some math and refund people.

Kate (1:06:57)
Yeah, pop them onto Kickstarter. I know.

Claire (1:06:59)
Yeah, yeah, put them onto something. Yeah, exactly. ⁓ okay, all good. All right. Well, ⁓ awesome. Okay, thank you very much. ⁓ we will ⁓ it's the easiest way to just send you a link and then you'll send us another one of these power hour things and then

Kate (1:07:11)
Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Just just keep in touch. Like just let me know where you're at and what what's outstanding or what you're stuck on or whatever and then yeah, we can go from there. ⁓ yeah, 'cause it just depends whether it's just one of these or whether you need me to get in there and do some do some bits.

Claire (1:07:24)
Do some yeah. Yeah. ⁓ do some Xing.

Kate (1:07:27)
Yeah, and I'm around ⁓ I'll be I don't know, going on leave just before Christmas sometime, but ⁓ back around twelfth of January. So just yeah, in case you need any testing or anything done then.

Milly (1:07:34)
Planeous. Yeah.

Claire (1:07:42)
Yeah, I actually think I mean w Millie, we're we're we're redoing this fourteen week one, but I'm almost wondering whether we set this one up first, because that other one's a bit easier to do over Christmas or in January when Kate's not around.

Milly (1:07:54)
Yeah, I don't think this is going to be that hard to set up. Once we've got the content and we've got a roadmap, I actually think it's going to be easy to do because it's not a lot of content in two months.

Kate (1:08:05)
Yes.

Claire (1:08:05)
Yeah,

so we might do that, Kate. I think we'll do this as a pri priority over that one because the other one is literally just copy paste. And there's no time pressure. Whereas this one, if to get it ready by March, it would be really, really nice to have something set up to do a test run in January and February.

Kate (1:08:11)
From Okay, cool. Then it as well. Yeah.

Milly (1:08:22)
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Claire (1:08:24)
Otherwise it'll be by the Christmas again next year and we'll like, my god, we're not doing it

Kate (1:08:27)
You would have decided not to.

Claire (1:08:32)
Yeah,

yeah. my god, something else would have happened by then. So Okay, awesome. All right. Well thanks, Kate, and I'll see you on Friday, Millie.

Kate (1:08:34)
Yeah.

No problem. Take you, ladies. Bye.

