Mel (00:14.636)
Good morning. Good morning.

I'm here as well. I'll turn my

Here we go.

É novo.

yeah, don't you Love Zoom when things don't work as they're meant to, but anyway.

Guest (with Lyn) (00:26.082)
too. Bye!

Kate (00:32.43)
Yeah, Zoom's been making some updates lately too, which surprises everybody.

Yeah.

Cool. Okay. Well I'm recording this session. So thank you for booking. And it's yeah, we are recording, great. so that anything we go over today, when we share screen and explain things, you'll be able to pull back on anytime that you need to do things. things are pretty repetitive in Pajabi once you get the know-how. So that can be really helpful once you have that.

Right.

Cool. Do you have a list of things that you want to go through?

Lyn (01:06.134)
We we're just trying to make an account for you so you could go go onto the site, but of course it won't accept your email because it's already got

Yeah, yeah. So what I usually do is just get you to share your screen at your end and I guide you through fine. And I think we were gonna test as well, weren't we, while we're on this call. We can. Yeah. Yeah. So whoever's holding the the doing stick, if you want to share your screen and open up your Kajabi account on the back end.

Lyn (01:42.904)
Closing some windows. Right.

Lyn (01:58.091)
I will see

yeah.

Have do you have back on c back on Kate? Yeah.

You're allowed to or do I need to give you some Noah's all right. Okay.

And screen screen to

Mel (02:13.176)
And

Yeah, that's it.

Thanks.

So do we wanna go through the list of questions first and then test after?

Yeah.

Lyn (02:34.41)
You've got the main ones I think they haven't you mall around.

yeah. And I've got a list of things that we wanted to talk to you about, but I don't know if they're in the right order. Okay. It's okay.

Okay, that's fine.

The first one was we've got, have we got two programs here? So we've got design your best life just as a workshop, and then we've got design your best life as coaching. So we wanted to explore whether we're using up an extra space, you know, on the 15 programs that we're allowed, et cetera, or whether it's all one.

Okay, if you go to product on the

Lyn (03:08.718)
Flick and five.

Kate (03:13.878)
all products. This is your product count. So this is the 15 products you're allowed. This is what's currently being used.

So the ones that you're speaking about are

Design your best life coach. So is that I can't, that's very small for me. you know where they are, Lynn, the two.

Okay.

Kate (03:42.542)
So I can see the coaching. So that

These are module ones. Design your best life with coaching. I don't know why there's two there. So there's meant to be one with coaching and one without

Yeah, it's the way possible.

I think one with the b belong below it. So you've got one with coaching and one's just

Course. Yeah. unless the content is any different in the course, you don't need to.

Mel (04:07.68)
Yeah. So they not the content isn't different, it's just plus coaching. So

Yeah, so so you can delete one of them so long as the content's the same. What it may have been with the person that designed it is the only thing I can think of is that on on the one that says with coaching, they've put like a link or a button to the coaching product or something like that on it. And it's I think so.

So I don't think that was set up.

Yeah. Yeah. That that is a little bit more advanced to know how to do so. So yeah.

So when so when someone goes in and selects design your best life, then will if you have two options, will that appear in the purchase module that you

Kate (04:48.354)
No. No, no. We'll go over to the office and show you that. So so I I would say leave this here for now, but the one with coaching is probably the one you can delete later. Okay. Or or or either of them, like just one of them. And you can probably re you can rename it. You can take off the you know the with and without coaching option. Yeah. Because because that becomes

That is something people will see in their library, like the name, the title of it. It also is part of what becomes like the link to the whole course. not that people really click a link to the course because it all happens once they log in and they can see things, but yeah, it it's just something to bear in mind that if you change the name of any products, it can affect any prior links that you've put in emails or anything like that. So

So what she's got is on the landing page is with coaching or without and the two go to separate

Yeah, so that's for two different prices, right? Yes, so that's offers. So you do need two different offers, but the product is the thing that's attached to the offer. So you only need one product. if if you're gonna use also the coaching one, the coaching product there, the one that's in between the two green ones, then that you would attach to the two of them to the what to the price that includes coaching. So I could show you that now in the offers.

Yep.

Kate (06:18.102)
Yeah, the the the products are effectively the things that people log in to get access to. And then the offers. So the offers are the checkouts, the the sale. offers are unlimited in Kajabi. And this is the nice thing about it is that you can bundle things together or not as much as you want. so so looks like you've got what do we got? yeah, with and without coaching as well.

Yeah.

Kate (06:47.756)
Yep, which is perfect. So if you go into the one that is with coaching, the top one.

Kate (07:00.108)
Yep. And so if you just scroll down a little bit, you'll see products in this offer. And so it's got both products, which is perfect. So this is the one that includes coaching. So keep those keep that like that. And the other one should only have the the module one product.

The other one.

Mm. Yeah.

Kate (07:23.998)
just check that. Yeah, the one that says without, that's right.

Sorry, this one.

Lyn (07:28.706)
That should just have module one, okay? Yes.

But it but yeah, that which is correct, but you'll just need to depending on which one you delete from the product. You'll just need to make sure that it has at least one product in here or one one of them. Okay.

Mm.

Lyn (07:46.102)
So we're really going to need to go through and look at both side by side to just work out which is the right one or if they're all the same, Mel, I guess. Because they might be or they might not. Because it aligned with this as well, there'll be a potentially the email trail and it's on Mel's thing as thing as well, and whether that's I guess that's pretty easy to attach to it, isn't it?

Yeah.

Kate (08:10.304)
Yes, yes, and you can have separate email sequences for with and without coaching as well. but the product stays the same because whether they're having coaching or not, the the course, the module one is the same for everybody, right? So the only time that you wouldn't need to split it out is if there was different content depending on who has paid for coaching and who hasn't, and if there was some kind of coaching element in the course product. or if like I noticed you called this module one.

So I'm presuming in the future you're gonna create a module two.

Yes, it's this is the first one. We've actually got a leadership arena program. Instead of sending well, I people couldn't manage the whole program. So what I'm doing is breaking it down. This is module one, best night, next one, and then

And and so that would be the only reason sometimes people will separate them out as well is because and that's kind of separate to the coaching, but yeah, whether you're wanting to whether you're just gonna add module two into the same product here or whether you're gonna have it separate so you can sell it separately.

Yeah.

Mel (09:20.398)
Yeah, I think we're going to sell it separately. Yeah. so in terms of just sorry if I can just clarify here, would you suggest that we had two different email sequences? So one would be for those who've done the e the coaching and one would be just the follow up for those who are doing the workshop.

handle.

Yeah, I would have one one main email segment because everybody has the course, the module. So you would have one email sequence based on that. and you know, that was generally just a welcome email. And then if if the course I can't sorry, I can't remember the breakdown of it, but if it makes sense to send an email every week to, you know, to flow with the course or whatever it is, then then that's just everybody can get that. and then for those with coaching.

the only different was for those with coaching, obviously you want to be able to prompt them to book their coaching session or whatever it is. That can be a separate email segments and they can be receiving both. the only reason that you might like to make the main one separate for the coaching people is if you don't want them to be receiving two two emails, but you can space them out. or if the welcome email you want to be a little bit different for the coaching people.

Okay.

Mel (10:39.404)
Yeah. No, that would work because I'm not we're hoping that people go through over four weeks to do the workshop and it's only in the last workshop, although I'm following up with them, it's only in the last week of the coach of the workshop that we start to do the coaching. So I make sure we plan together. Then it's two sessions of implementation.

Yeah, perfect then. Yeah. So you can just have everybody receiving the same email. the same sequence. Yeah. so do you want to have a look at the email sequences? Well actually, while we're in this offer, can we just look a bit further down this offer page? I just want to make sure you have the rest set up correctly. So just above where the product was, if you just scroll back up a little bit, sorry, a little again. Below where the product in this offer is, it says product access.

So this means, because nothing is tipped or entered here, that as soon as people pay, they're gonna get access to the course product. Is that right? Yes, perfect. Then the next part down, the post-purchase. So this is where are they gonna land after the purchase? The members library is perfect because the course is ready for them. So as soon as they've logged in, they're gonna land in the library page and see the course sitting there ready. And then access from there.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Lyn (11:56.622)
question Kate on that is if someone comes if someone goes into the members library, they only see the things they've bought or do they see things yes could

They do, yeah. So you'll be seeing when you preview all everything because Kajabi recognises that you're the administrator. That is a little bit of a trick. Yeah. Yeah, good question. yeah, they only see the products that they've purchased. Yeah. So if they've also if they've booked the one with coaching, then they'll also see the coaching products sitting there and they can click into each of them separately.

Yeah. Is there an easy way to see what the customer sees?

yes, you can set yourself up as a customer. But you have to do it in an incognito window.

Mm-hmm. okay.

Kate (12:42.466)
Yeah, or a different browser. because no matter how much you clear your history, it always recognizes in this browser that you are an admin of your Kajabi account and it actually doesn't let you go through the checkout.

Yeah, but wait but you could join with a different email as well, couldn't you? Which is the best browser? Which browser does Kajabi Line?

Anything, any browser, it's just not the one, either not the one you're using right now or or you you just open an incognito window in your current browser, which works perfectly. Yeah, and you can what you can do is you can you can either set the checkout page to one dollar to test it, so long as no one else has access to it yet. So no one else can purchase it for one dollar while you've done that. or you can create yourself a coupon code to use at the checkout while you're testing.

Because and you wanna do it you don't wanna do a hundred percent discount coupon code, you wanna do it with some money money because then you get to in you get to see how the customer enters their credit card details, what happens after that in terms of receipts and things like that as well. Yeah, rather than going through it as a free as a freebie.

That's what I wanted to following on from this question was

Mel (13:54.488)
think Sean set out, she said she couldn't change the receipts or the invoices on on Pajabi, but how do we know what people are are getting? How do we know? Is is this where we have to put a coupon in to see

No. So you so you want to see what people have bought bought? Okay, we'll add we'll add that here. So I'll show you. yeah, you definitely it's not very often you won't find out when a purchase has been made. You almost receive too many notifications. So yeah. so we'll just carry on here just while we're here and we'll jump to that in the email sequences. the post-purchase email, I would select none here. So what this means is

Yes.

Okay.

Guest (with Lyn) (14:23.534)
Thanks

Kate (14:37.088)
If if it's on the default email, which it is now, sorry, the next one down. Yeah. at the moment, the default email is just like a really plain looking system email from Kajabi that says, Congratulations, you've just made this purchase. Here goes the login button and it's not in your colour or or anything. So it's really ugly. So we're so I take it away because effectively your welcome email is gonna arrive with them immediately anyway. So that's what they'll receive as a confirmation. Plus, we'll make sure that they're receiving a receipt.

you know, confirmation of pay payment as well. That's right, perfect. And if you just scroll down a little bit more, that is where the automations can be. So once the email sequence is set up, then you are going to tell the email sequence to put anyone in it that makes the purchase of this offer. And then that's going to show there. So we won't do it just yet. You can't do it until the email segments are set up, but we can I can show you how to do it.

Yeah, okay, that's saved.

Lyn (15:32.736)
Does that propagate through from?

Yeah. So you can either set the automation here or you can do it while you're doing the email segments and then it will show here as well. Talks to each other. Yeah, which is nice. so in order to get notified when somebody makes a purchase of this offer, if you just scroll to the top of this offer page and go to settings, the fourth tab, yeah.

Kate (16:01.856)
And here you can the second one down, you can get notified when a purchase has been made. So you just toggle that on. It goes to whatever email address you want at Tokyo.

Where does it go?

Lyn (16:11.918)
Okay. Can you add multiple emails? Yes, I can. Right. Yeah.

You can. Yeah. Yeah. So just make sure if you send her an email in there now, one of the you know the instruction there is just showing you you have to you have to press enter afterwards because otherwise it doesn't stay in there.

Okay.

Lyn (16:29.718)
Changes for giveaway.

Name address.

Is this not?

All right.

So we've got buff and pet.

Kate (16:40.51)
Yeah. It's like mine. Mine's very tricky out of office to type. It's what's the only

Mm-hmm.

Right.

Thank you.

Enter. Yep. There you know then you know it's there. And hit save at the top as well. Yep. So now that email and you'll need to do that in the other offer as well.

Lyn (16:59.668)
Okay. So the the the cart abandonments, do you use those? But I send an email and say, Look, you look like you're gonna buy, come back.

Mm.

Mel (17:09.465)
Think you

Yeah. So you would only use these if these only work in Kajabi if someone is already a customer of yours in Kajabi. Okay. Yeah, because it can only recognize via email. Obviously it needs someone's email address to to be able to send the email. So I tend to not use them because nine times out of ten they're new customers anyway.

Yeah.

Lyn (17:35.288)
The affiliate activate affiliate commissions on for this offer, is there another whole place where you set up affiliates? Yeah, yeah. Affiliate, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yes, there is. Yeah, there's a whole other place for it. And you don't need to send anyone to a third party provider that top farm because I think you're just using Kajabi for for everything there. So yeah. So if you just hit up scroll up and hit save and then we'll jump to so that answers the question about you getting notified when someone purchases. Eventually you'll you're gonna want to turn that off. You may also get notified by Stripe as well, your Stripe account.

if that's what you've got set up. I do, I get notified by both when someone purchases on my site. So so email campaigns. This is where you would set up the email sequences.

Yeah.

Kate (18:26.904)
So it looks like you've already got

We want

Sum up that was that was the ones that you were concerned about, Mal, weren't you, in the sense of

Yeah.

So I I did do draft some, but then they would the ones that I drafted were just for coaching where it says then go to Calendly, which I'm not using anymore. I don't know what she's put in, what's there.

Kate (18:49.654)
Yeah. Well this looks like the structure's set up for you anyway. And we can go you can go in and edit what each of them says. Yeah. So if you just click on email one.

Yeah.

That opens it up and it you can edit the email. There you go. You've got the

And that's.

Okay. So yes, that looks like I might have to do a bit of editing.

Kate (19:10.028)
Yeah, so you can just go in and edit the emails.

Okay. That that's right. And then the second

I would just say is this one like let's see. I hope this email might do well on behalf of it. I extend a warm welcome. Thanks for registering. Yeah, so this is like the email they should receive as soon as they purchase. Is that right? So therefore, if you just scroll back up again to the top to the settings, this should not be day one, this should be day zero.

Right. Yeah.

Lyn (19:38.582)
Yeah.

So if you change that to zero, it will tell you this email will be sent immediately after someone subscribes. Yeah.

Okay.

And we need to put a what's the internal title? Is that just for us to know?

Yeah, it's just for you to know like what what it is. So sometimes I'll put like a little bit about whatever the email is talking about, like the topic. Yeah. And the subject line, you know, and then the preview text is just that sort of other line that sometimes shows when it lands in your inbox, like before you've opened the email. When you open when when you open the email, you can't see the preview text, like once it's open. but yeah. So that's there's bit of Yeah, you don't yeah. So it's just like look inside here or you can use emojis or whatever works for you. Yeah.

Lyn (20:12.728)
Box thing, isn't it?

Kate (20:19.083)
but you don't have to put anything in there either.

Yeah.

So where do they get the login then from? Because this isn't included in the first email. How do they get their login?

No, so actually what I just want to check actually in this email, if you just scroll down again, do does it have a link? Yeah, so what will need to be added to this email is a link to login. which is literally just your domain name with a forward slash login.

So whether it's a button or whether type that out somewhere in the email.

Mel (20:56.718)
Okay.

So when they purchase, we didn't actually look at the front of the checkout page, but either the checkout's been set up for them to create their own account, or straight after they purchase, if they haven't had to, they will be prompted by Kajabi to set up an account. And once they've set up their account, then they land in the library page. So they get access to the course straight away anyway. They'll set up their account, get access, they'll receive this email, but it's always good for this email to either have the button or the link for the login too. So they can refer back here any time that they want to.

login again if they haven't saved it on their browser.

Good. Yeah. So Lynn, you'll be able to do that, will you?

Yep, just domain name, so small changes, big impact, forward slash login.

Kate (21:43.468)
Yeah, and you can just have it in that text somewhere, you know, prompts telling them here you can log in here anytime with that link or I add a button to sometimes I add a button to the bottom of the email that's got login or something on it and just put that link on it. Yeah. So if you just scroll back up again. I just want to now check. So we've changed that to day one, which is make sure you yep, press save and then sorry, day zero, yeah. And email one, welcome, that makes sense, yeah.

Yeah.

Kate (22:12.46)
And then if you just go back up to the what's called bread crumbs up the top there, to go back to the main email segments. Yeah, that's it. there. Yeah. Find your best slide. Yeah. That's the name of the main email segments. Yeah. So the next email is gonna arrive with them three days after they've purchased. So you you may have to go through and adjust those if it makes sense that it's supposed to be the next day. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

Lyn (22:37.238)
It's got three on there.

So yeah, you can adjust that to whatever makes sense when you want to receive the

Name of that doesn't make

We can sort that later though,

Yeah, we can sort that later. So those are all the things that

Kate (22:52.246)
So just remembering that the day they purchase is called day zero. And then the next day is day one, day two, day three. So it's almost four days later, the day three email. Yeah. Just to understand. Now we just want to look at that subscribe trigger. So where the little plus or minus is up top. This is where you set the automation to to put people in here. So we want to check that, not the unsubscribe, the the one above it.

Yeah, okay.

Lyn (23:16.086)
You just click out of there, yeah.

yeah, that's it. So when the design your best life coaching, I don't know if that's relevant anymore. so if you just press edit next to that.

Kate (23:29.934)
So this is where we tell it who should put in this email sequence. So we

Yeah.

Okay.

Do you choose the name of the offer? So there's going to be two settings here because we've got two offers, two checkouts, one with and one with. Yeah, yeah, we're going to do both. We're going to add both. Yep. Then they're going to get subscribed to this email sequence. So just press save and then we have to do it again for the other one.

You need to know it.

Kate (23:58.814)
Add add a trigger. sorry. No. We just changed the click out of that. That's it. Add trigger.

Trigger. A trigger here. Yeah.

So we

Then the offer is purchased. This is us setting it up from scratch here.

At the top. At the top. No, at the top of the top.

Kate (24:21.57)
The the top of the offer part. Yeah, sorry. Hard to direct people. when you can see us. Everyone's watching. Yeah.

Yeah, we are

You threw me in the d you know I've only known Kajabi five weeks.

You're doing amazing!

when the offer is purchased, then click the next drop down, yep. And you need to tell it which offer. So this is the one without coaching, that's it, because you've already done the with coaching. Then subscribe to the email segments, design your best life. So perfect. So now no matter which offer somebody purchases, they're going to get into this email segment. And when you go into the offers again and look, this these elder automations will be set up now in there. Okay. the only other automation I would

Mel (24:55.491)
Mm.

Okay.

Kate (25:04.95)
as best practice, I always do, is also set up instead of when the offer is purchased, there's an option to choose when the offer is granted. Subscribe to the email sequence. And that's because you may at some stage decide to give gift someone this program or and you and you'll so you'll go into Kajabi in the back end you can grant someone access so they don't have to go through the checkout. or the other way option, the other

reason sometimes you'll grant people is if they pay you by invoice rather than going through the checkout with their credit. you might not think right now you're gonna use that, but down the line you might just go, yes, we'll add you in, we'll add you in. And then they don't get any of the emails. They don't know what's going on. Things like that.

So it's just practice.

Mel (25:50.638)
That's really important because some of the if you've got like a corporate client wants to pay for some coaching, they're not going to give them your credit card. You've got to send an invoice. So can you make sure that this is set up or how we do that then, Lynn?

if Kate will help me at the moment.

Yeah, yeah. So so here, go back to where the drop down for the next to the two t two subscriber triggers. And we'll set it up first so it's ready. So add trigger. Instead of when the offer is purchased, choose when the offer is granted. So it's back down in the offer section. Yeah.

Then

Kate (26:35.584)
then give them model one leadership. You have to do it for both of them again, yeah. So without coaching. say

El each.

And then you do it again. That's it.

Kate (26:58.742)
No, when it's granted.

Winners granted, sorry. Yeah.

That's right.

You you can start to go really cross eyed when you start seeing

Exactly.

Guest (with Lyn) (27:10.006)
Yeah.

yeah. Person next to me is giving me a hard time.

What? Yeah.

There it is.

Okay. I saw was while we were doing that, Kate, that there were other options around not payment and cancelled and things. What does that mean?

Kate (27:31.918)
Don't

That's if it's that's if it's like a subscription model, so someone's paying a membership. Yeah. So for your other offer that's gonna be like that, that's that's what you would add in those ones too. So when when they you know, when the payment fails. I don't often add I don't add them in all the time because sometimes you want to give people a little bit of grace on a on a failed payment rather than just pull them straight out of things. Yeah, yeah, but that's what all those options are.

Options was that it was cancelled, wasn't it?

Yeah, yeah. So unsubscribing from yeah. Yeah, so yeah, until then.

'Cause I know Mel, you know, you were looking at giving people a few days cooling down period.

Mel (28:20.278)
Yeah, we need to talk about that, how it works with Kate or in terms of guarantees. That's a key thing on my list here.

Okay. Cool. That's for your other offer, yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

Okay, cool. the other thing I'll just quickly show you for these corporates that might pay by invoice, how to add them in. you would go no, you don't. It's sitting there really waiting for another one. So you're all done. Yeah, because you keep adding them. You don't need to unsubscribe anyone. yeah, the the only reason yeah, I I very rarely use the unsubscribe triggers actually. The only reason you would use the unsubscribe triggers is if

delete that

Kate (28:58.712)
Somebody was then purchasing the next level up of something. So you wouldn't need to keep them in this sequence. It'd be another sequence for them. yeah, that's that's really all the only time you'd use the unsubscribe trigger.

Just talking about that. So what we want to do is say if we'll design your best life, you've got access to this. Obviously you can download the downloadables, et cetera, but you actually only have access to the videos and everything else for one year. Does that impact anywhere here or not?

No, because this email sequence is only for what the first yeah. So once the other thing actually to mention is once someone's gone through an email sequence, if for whatever reason they need to purchase the program again, so like say you run it again next year and they want to purchase, you'll need to duplicate this email sequence really for the next year because nobody can nobody can technically go through an email sequence twice. The system they've already been through. So if

Well

Lyn (29:53.022)
So

Lyn (29:56.664)
Someone I guess what do we need to do in the back end to make it on air here? Because I didn't I don't s didn't

remember seeing. Yeah, that's that's in the offer area. So yeah, if you just go back into sales.

Kate (30:13.718)
offers, yeah. So those just go into one of them.

part where asked if there was a certain number of days just below the products. Products in this offer. So product access there. Restrict access to a specific amount of days. So if you click that, tick that, and then you can add in there 360 days.

Three hundred and seventy if you wanna give them a little bit more. Whatever.

Yeah.

So what happened is that they will still be able to log in. So after three hundred and sixty five days, they'll still be able to log in, but they won't see the product in their library anymore. So

Mel (30:50.638)
Okay.

Lyn (30:59.784)
For a subscription product then, where does that happen?

No, for a subscription, it's more to do with they have access while their payment is active. So if they're paying you you're gonna offer annual payment, aren't you? Yeah. Yeah. So it gives them it gives them access. You don't have to set it 365 days because the other setting will be if their payment fails, it will revoke access. It will take it away payment.

Yeah. okay. Yeah.

Uh-huh.

So this is just where they're paying one price and they get the set amount of access days for it.

Mel (31:35.81)
Yeah.

cool. if you just want to hit save at the top, and I just want to jump back into just quickly showing you how to grant someone access. so those people that might pay by invoice. Yeah, if you go into contacts where your mouse is now. yeah. Sorry. Is it right? Can contact go into contacts.

Well sorry, say that again.

Yeah.

Next one down.

Kate (32:01.026)
Yeah.

All context.

Yeah.

Kate (32:07.224)
So this is where you would add someone in if they're not already in your database. So if you think they might already be in the database, you can search for them. But otherwise you add someone. So you go, is it likely to be individuals or a big group of corporates?

probably well, individuals might pay, but also some of the people that I coach, their corporates pay for them.

Yes, perfect. So it's it all we need is the name and email address of the person that needs to get access that's been looking for already. So if you just scroll back up to add contact, the button at the top.

on the right up there. Yeah. Add contact and yeah, you can. I just want to show you the settings though. go add single contact first because that's an easier option. so you'd enter the name, first name, last name, and then it won't let you save it unless you have an email address. Actually it doesn't let you save it if you don't put a last name either, which is funny because it will let you

Great. So if you want to add a whole lot, you can.

Lyn (33:08.318)
sorry. no, she's probably it's not gonna work.

anyway. Or you can just put a test in if you want or put me in if you want. we'll just put Kate first name Kate, surname test, because then you know you can see it sitting in there to delete later. That's it. just enter that's it. and then you want to two things you want to do here. Yeah, open that up again. You always want to subscribe them to marketing emails because otherwise they're not going to receive any emails at all from you.

Okay.

That's really important. That's also an option when you import the CSV list as well. And you just want to make sure you always tick that 'cause otherwise you'll add two hundred people and then they don't receive any of the emails.

Mark and the newsletter as well. We're just about to

Kate (33:57.868)
Yeah, if you're going to use the newsletter function, then yeah, make sure you tap that as well. it's going to ask you which newsletter. I haven't actually used that function yet. So yep.

It'll be not that one.

Not that one.

No. You can probably add both by the looks of it. If you click the bottom one now, it's gonna add them to both. Yeah.

You don't want that one, Mel.

Mel (34:17.912)
Well leadership practice with

Leadership practices. There we go. Yeah. Yeah, it's just one. Yeah. Cool. And then the other thing you want to do, you don't this is a bit confusing to explain. Even though we're going to grant them the offer. So we're going to, you know, because technically they've already paid by invoice, you don't pick it here. So you just press save here because this is adding them to your system and making sure they're subscribed to the right things. Then once they they're added in, it gets added. it's opened up, great.

go up to more actions.

Kate (34:52.896)
And then grant offer just gives you another setting that you can control. So then than before. So click grant offer, grant and offer. Lots of clips. And then you select the offer that you're going to grant them. So it'd be the with or without coaching, whichever one that's for this person.

Yeah. Any

no, actually this is not the right way. Ignore that. I thought it was going to give us the option to do something. if you just go back out to contacts, so don't hit save.

On the we use the on the brain.

Yeah, either way. So my contact is still sitting there. So in this view, we'll just refresh that. In this view, if you just tap the box over on the left.

Lyn (35:32.343)
A dollar. Yeah.

Yeah.

Kate (35:44.866)
Yeah, now in bulk actions, the drop select grant offer from there, and it comes up with a pop-up.

Yeah.

Kate (35:54.344)
And this is what I wanted. Yeah. Now you select the the offer and you untick the grant offer email. That is because that is that ugly Pajabi email that I was that we've taken away from the checkup pages. So that this is doing it this way, just for when you replay the video, this is the only way that you have control over not sending them the ugly email if you are granting access to the offer. So adding them in, coming to the main contact list, ticking the box, doing the bulk action.

and you can untick that. if you do it either any of the other ways, it will just automatically send the email. It's not a bad thing, like it's not terrible end of the world. It's just they'll also receive your welcome email at the same time. And they'll also receive an email from Kajabi to set up their login account. Because it won't it they're not recognized in the system yet as a they don't have an account to log in with. So so if

we were looking at we've got some friendlies who are going to do a bit of a test of us of our toolkit when we get going, would we do this through grant offer? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah.

Kate (37:01.339)
Either that or you give them a hundred percent off coupon.

Okay. Yeah.

And you can select Yeah, because that's a subscription, you can choose for the coupon for it to be just one time that they get a hundred percent off or forever on their subscription payments.

No. So just in terms of that, because what we were going to do was do a soft launch and each of us were contacting a couple of people of influence and we were going to show them via Zoom the the toolkit because there's over a hundred assets there that people could just download. So if you give somebody free access to it, they can just download whatever they want, can't they? If you've been

Okay.

Kate (37:29.076)
the

Kate (37:42.742)
Absolutely. If you've set it up for them to be able to download, yes.

Yeah. So we're better off not doing that, aren't we? We're better off actually if we've got a couple of people that we you know, we want to show what we're doing, would we be better off having a Zoom meeting and and taking them through? This is what they've got, you know.

Either that or a or a loom video. Do you use your Loom?

I haven't for a long time, but learns of

You could preview the, you know, go preview it's preview the course or the the product as a customer. and then just click those and record the screen as you're clicking through and explaining things. And then send that to them in an email or on Zoom. Yeah.

Mel (38:25.248)
Yeah. I was going to say, do you use Loom versus Zoom? 'Cause I know you use Zoom here just

I use Loom constantly all day, every day. because I do a lot of demonstration videos for people. So Loom is just like I record it and then send it to you. Whereas Zoom obviously you can jump on the call live with somebody. You can record on Zoom as well without anyone else there. that's how some people create the online courses. The videos for the online courses. Yeah. But Zoom or Loom will do that. Yeah.

Yeah.

Mel (38:58.571)
All right, thank you.

The nice thing the nice thing about Loom is that it just creates a link. You don't actually have to like send them the whole video in an email. it's just a link that you can send and and they can click it and open it and watch it. Yeah.

Good, thank you.

Yeah any I guess that's the thing, isn't it?

When you

Mel (39:18.434)
Grant or

people purchase and you give them what's the what's the norm for giving them how many days would you give them before you know it's they can't opt out, I guess, or get ready.

That's a great trial.

necessarily free trial, but basically once some someone's purchased.

That is completely up to you as the business owner. like a guarantee type thing, I guess. Yeah, a lot of people will do 30 days. And no, I don't see a lot of them anymore though, the guarantees. A lot of the big gurus will do it, but you know, they can afford to. So I think and because the risk with your kind of content, especially when you have the membership, is that yeah, like you say, it's all there for someone. So I actually have a line I think on my checkout that say

Lyn (39:45.654)
Kate (40:06.636)
like some of my digital products that say due to the nature of this digital product there is a no refund policy.

Yeah.

No, I think that's a good because yeah. Because a f couple of years ago when I was doing this, it was all about offering a thirty day guarantee. And I'm thinking a lot of this stuff, you've just lost everything.

Yeah.

Kate (40:29.292)
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's really tricky. And especially when you're hybrid, like you're delivering coaching and you know, people that do it now, I've seen someone do it recently and but they have a really strict criteria for the refund. So, you know, they have you know, because you can see someone's progress, they have to have gone in and looked at every single lesson and completed it and attended every coaching call and you know, because otherwise of course they haven't got out of it what they were supposed to.

It'll be.

Lyn (40:56.513)
Yeah.

see that working with the coaching call for design your best life where they're paying and that you know so we could put some kind of stipulations around

of program too, you're there's a lot more trust builds because you're them effectively. Yeah.

Your end person.

Yeah, but in terms of a effective leadership toolkit, which once that's opened, it's just you know, you lock

Kate (41:23.65)
Yes. I definitely on the annual one I wouldn't offer anything. the other option, of course, is to offer and maybe not even make it public, but if anyone was to be concerned that it wasn't the right thing for them, is to offer a a smaller subscription, so like a a monthly subscription. Join for a month and see if it's for them and then they can come out.

Yeah.

Mel (41:45.496)
Yeah, okay. Thanks.

Right. And guess that's the thing is that you can also if someone says, Hey, I want want my money back, it's no good and you've seen that they've downloaded absolutely every single thing, you would probably go, Well, no, because you've actually taken all

Yeah, it's just all about being upfront with the terms and conditions. It like so when they when they are signing up to it, they have to have agreed to everything there that they'll read it. if you don't already have some good you know, service agreements and terms and conditions and things. I have some on my website now which I've just launched. So and the company that I teamed up with there had just has them for everything. So you'll find what you need there as well. So just for New Zealand businesses. So

Yeah.

Is there a way that you can tell what people have downloaded?

Kate (42:39.022)
I don't know that there is actually download reports. I it I it's on the list of wishes for Kajabi, I'm pretty sure. Okay. Although I'm saying that one of my New Zealand clients recently did report downloads and I remember asking her

actually found there because I didn't think it was possible.

Yeah. I I think you can see how maybe how many downloads there has been, but you can't see who has downloaded.

Okay, and just what we almost sorry.

I'm just wondering where you would look at that.

Kate (43:13.103)
it'll be within the I'll find it out for you and come back to you 'cause like I said.

Yeah.

Lyn (43:18.624)
Okay. Yeah. Thank you.

Okay.

So before we leave this page here, so Carly, Karen, Sam, Brian and all of them, they were people a year ago that I gave course to to sort of give me some feedback and stuff. How do I make sure that they don't have access to this now?

Yeah, so if you click into what so just actually while we're on this view, the people with with the blue tips versus the people that don't have the blue tips, the blue tips are people that are c considered customers in your site. It means they've either been given access to something or they've got they've bought something from you in the checkout. the ones that don't have blue are just have just been added into the database either through like a a free opt-in form or something like that, or like you just did.

Yeah.

Mel (44:03.83)
And I've just seen that one guy, Russ, that opted in obviously from the front page.

Yeah, he's obviously signed up to something. Yeah.

Yeah. So Carly

You click on Carly, her name, what we can see here and then open up the full profile up the top left of her thing there. This view is a bit useless. It doesn't really show you much at all. So

Yeah.

Kate (44:29.622)
yeah. So first of all is chronological life cycle of of Kali. So what you'll see here always, so once you start this program, you'll start to see down down below where it says lifespan about one year, and then it says that she purchased this course. You'll also start to see when they've been sent the emails, like the the email sequence emails and everything like that. yeah, but you didn't have anything tied up there to it then. So if you go into purchases or products, that's where you can see. So products is where you can see.

what she currently has access to.

So she still has access to this.

yep. So if you click on that now on module one.

Mm-hmm.

Kate (45:09.742)
Is that gonna let you open anything there? Or maybe it's three dots? Yeah.

Rebike.

Yeah, so go view product progress first.

You probably just as to see. Yeah.

Yeah, I know she's didn't do much, she said. So I'm still in touch with her. She's done twenty

Lyn (45:26.03)
That's where it is.

Okay. So we go back then and revoke the access on

Exactly.

Yeah. Unfortunately this takes you away from the contacts. Yeah. So if you go back up there, that's it. Yeah, that's it. yeah, and go back in products and then revoke access. into the products tag again. Sorry, that's taking you you can do it here. You can do it here. Yeah.

You can do it, yeah. So you want that to

Mel (45:53.624)
No, this place.

Yeah, so you'll need to do that to all of those people that

okay.

There there's a if there's a hundred of them or you know, if there's lots of Okay, perfect, perfect. If there was lots of them, you can do it in bulk by filtering for the people that have access to this product and then you can do that bulk revoke access, yeah.

Only there's only five of them.

Lyn (46:14.414)
That was it?

Or back out in the context list, yeah.

And then over to the right, you'll see the filters option. Up the top. Yep. Yep. So filters category is product.

yeah.

People that have access to the product.

Kate (46:39.576)
Has, has, and then select the product.

Okay, thank you.

Yeah, just so long as there's no one current that needs it. But you can do it that way. I won't. Yeah, yeah.

I'm not gonna do it now.

No, there's nobody now. They were all testing.

Kate (46:55.724)
And they don't know, like they don't get notified or anything when that happens either. So it's just if you re gave them access, they might get that compliment that grant email, unless you do it the way that we saw before. Yeah. Yeah. So what else were we?

Kate (47:15.182)
I feel like that's all the way loose ends as we were flowing.

Stripe and stuff are linked up to Stripe. I just assume that if somebody pay when to how often do they pay out?

you'll need to you can control that in your settings area of stripe.

Because yeah. So what would you do? So so I have to go into stream

Stripe. You'll have to log into Stripe and in there I think it's a I think there's a tab called payouts and you can set it there. Yeah. So like you can either set it to pay out regularly. So like mine is weekly, or you can set it to pay out when it reaches a certain amount of money.

Mel (47:55.576)
Don't even know how I'm going to get back into Stripe again now, so I'll get it.

Yeah, it'll prompt you like you if you have to reset your password or whatever, it'll prompt you. We'll figure it. Yeah, yeah. one thing I did just want to check is your the checkout pages again, the front side of them. I just want to see how you've got those set up. So if you go to sales offers.

Yeah, 'cause that's what we wanted to see about then GST was the other thing.

Yes. Okay, yeah. So sales offers. Yeah, it's all right. On Zoom it slows everything down. So which is good fun.

Come on.

Lyn (48:30.914)
Yeah.

Yes.

That one? Yep. Any either of them, yeah. See.

Kate (48:41.218)
So you probably understand this already from having been playing in here, but this page here that we've been looking at and adjusting, this is what I call the back end of the checkout. So this is telling Kajabi saying, how much should I, how much should Stripe charge, what should they do, what do they get access to, what emails are they going to get? Like that's all that stuff. And then if you scroll back up, the button that says edit checkout, yeah, this is the front side of the checkout. So this is what customer sees.

Yeah, so we want to get rid of that ugly blue banner because it's Kajabi.

and the but the you can replace it with your own, but it's actually not a color, it's a picture. So it kind of just needs to be Yeah. Just do that and hit save. so in the checkout you have to keep pressing hit save for it to update. they don't do it automatically. Yeah, that's it. So I want to add some more things to your checkout here. on the right hand side, if you just click in the email address area. Yeah. Is it gonna open up the

Kate (49:43.5)
Okay. If you if you just go usually when you click in the area it'll open up the settings on the left, but if you just go back button the in the back within the next to the save button.

On the left. Right. Yeah. See the back next to that? On the left of that?

Yeah.

Lyn (50:04.034)
Think. Yeah.

Yeah, good.

That's it. Now go form fields.

So I want to collect the names. If you tip that, this is going to add the fields to the, yeah. Do you need their address for any reason? Or phone number? No. No. Or any other information that you want to collect for them at checkout.

Really not.

Mel (50:25.682)
Tax. What about tax? How do you this is you know, this is how do we know if people are from New Zealand and we have to pay GST here? Or is it just automatically we just we don't know.

No, what what I do, what I do, because I have a global audience is the price includes GST.

Yes.

Kate (50:46.99)
I the things that I sell through Pajabi, I do know where the people are from. just because it tends to be like this, power hours. So I know if you're in New Zealand or not. and then fiddly, I tell my accountant which ones are GST and which ones aren't. to what I suggest to other people if you don't want to do that is that it's one price for everyone. yeah, so I charge everyone the same price whether they're from New Zealand or not.

Thank

Kate (51:14.328)
So it's just a bonus if I'm not having to pay GST. It's it covers the international fees, all that sort of stuff instead. you the only reason you would take the collect tax ID here is if you're if that if you're selling to businesses and they they need, you know, like you need their GST. Yeah. But I've never really used that. So the the only other thing you can do is you can either collect their address or we can add a custom field that asks which country they're from.

too. Yeah. Yeah.

Lyn (51:41.772)
That I was thinking we would want to know where they come from. Yeah.

about anyway. Okay, cool. So if you click that, add custom build. yeah, and then you can actually select country should be one of the options here. So is that all you just need to know the country? Yep, cool. So go add field.

Lyn (52:04.278)
Do you want to see as well, Mel, or not?

Mary, would I want what?

Nice.

No, I don't think we need to know the city, do we?

Do you ever host in person? We do. 'Cause even if even if it's not for this course, then you've got it the you've got the data saved, but

Lyn (52:21.656)
We might do yeah. See our

Lyn (52:30.38)
Yeah, yeah, no, I'm just saying that was up there.

go into go into the database and then in the future you'll be able to filter for everyone that's in Christchurch.

City name. Okay. No, that's a good idea. Yes. Okay.

Great. Unfortunately we can't default the country to New Zealand. it's you know Yeah. okay, subscribe to our email list. We're gonna change that in a minute. That's in another place. And

Bye.

Lyn (52:55.854)
the other thing you might want as well is is telephone number for your coaching clients.

Mel (53:04.59)
I don't like giving my telephone number to anyone. I so I don't kind of expect others to give it to me. That's just my I I think probably the email might be a way of saying.

You you do that any anyway. Okay, sorry.

Yeah, no, that's good.

So yeah, if you hit save, that will add all of that in. Yeah. So name, email, country, city, credit card. so where the text is on this checkout, this is your opportunity where you can also add things like the disclaimer, so like no refunds or whatever like that, down the bottom. you can also add in here there was something I was just thinking of as a word talking.

I have a line on mine. I'm not sure if you saw on my when you booked the call. I have a line that says this service includes GST for New Zealand businesses. Just so people know, this includes GST. We'll also in a minute go through to where the receipts are and you can add that line on the receipt as well.

Kate (54:09.022)
so that's just you know, you sort of add any of that kind of stuff and and like refer back to my my checkout if you want to see what else I add in there. I now have like privacy policy and website terms and conditions and things as well that I add to the footer of this checkout page. and I especially with Cope the coaching one, I would have a terms and conditions that they are they take a box to say that.

Read them.

On this page.

So the terms and conditions are the ones that we have at the bottom of the website.

You'll want terms and consistents for your coaching services. Okay.

Lyn (54:48.556)
Yeah. yeah.

so if you just hit save and and go back out again, one more.

Kate (54:58.936)
So where you go additional settings, you just click that.

So if you click on that top one there, returning members must log in.

So the second, yeah, just change that one. Yeah. And then tick the box underneath it, collect new member password. That now means people are going to set up. So if you hit save, it will update on the right. people are now gonna set up their own password here at checkout. Which is great because they get set up their own password. They don't have to have a hikuru people. password that they log in with. Yep. and then this is where you can set the service agreement too. So once you have those the

Yeah.

Lyn (55:26.67)
What

Kate (55:40.652)
the agreement wording, you can either have you can either tick required or custom service agreement. So required, you'll see if you just tick that and then press save.

It pops up down by the credit card, another box that says I've read it and agrees the terms and conditions of this page, but you would have to have it linked somewhere for them. Or if you tick the next one down, it says custom service agreement, it gives you the opportunity to enter them into a box then, the text. So if it's not too long, it's not a lot. so if you just type anything into that text box there and press.

So is that where you put things like if you're doing coaching or your power, people don't arrive?

Yeah. Yeah. So like this is so if you just hit save, it'll show you where it where it goes. So on mine I've got I think I do have this on that power hour checker. I have, you know, this please note this service includes GST for New Zealand businesses. Please note you must book your call within one month of payment, you know, just those kind of terms and conditions. Yeah. Okay how it shows up like that. So they can read them right there and just tick the box. So if it's not too many, if it's not a whole page, otherwise you can link, yeah.

Yeah.

Kate (56:54.722)
Just add tapes and these are yeah. Yeah.

So that we wouldn't want that probably without the coaching. We'd want that one with the coaching because this this is the one that we're on.

Yeah, that you might still have something that is to do with the coaching though too, 'cause like you want to maybe just say something about your IP, like, you know, you know, that you owe the confidentiality and things like that. Yeah.

Okay. Yeah.

Yeah, so that's just where you find those settings. If you just scroll down a little bit more on this left side, we'll just see what else there is to add. Yes, you can add a footer in if you want to. And the reason why you might have a footer, I have it on mine, is to link, sometimes to link the terms and conditions or have the website policy and things sitting in the footer here as well. Yeah, so if you select footer, it'll probably, if you hit save at the top, it will probably pull through whatever you've got on your website.

Lyn (57:39.126)
Kate (57:48.45)
depending on how that's been set up. It's not super obvious. So otherwise you can just link things in the text area.

Yeah, there you go. Yeah.

Kate (57:58.988)
Yeah, so that is what you want to do on your other one as well, just making sure you have that kind of information as a minimum.

yeah.

the click out.

Okay, and then you've been using, if we can move on, is that okay?

Yeah, do you want to have a look at the receipts to make sure we put the tax mentioned there? Yeah, I'll just show you where they are and you can update that later. Because something else I want to take off this is where it says subscribe to our email list. you you want to make that a default. legally, you're you're allowed to not have that in New Zealand on your on your checkout. So so we'll go back out. So if you just have the pink K up on the left hand side, that will take you back out to the main Pajabi.

Kate (58:43.211)
dashboard.

Lyn (58:48.056)
Like

The pink the pink cave for Kajabi up the top in the black.

Kate (58:56.59)
it so if you go into settings on the bottom left hand side

Your account settings for the whole account. Might be something in the way, right down the bottom. Yeah, that's it.

Sometimes the zoom stuff gets in the way. So check out settings. Yeah, the zoom one, yeah.

Yeah.

Kate (59:24.408)
So we want to here disable the checkbox.

Kate (59:32.878)
And then where it says additional options, automatically sign up customers to your email list when they purchase a paid offer. Because it's disabled, it's going to do that anyway. Yeah. Cool. so Yeah, that's fine. It's it's because we've disabled it. So automatically when people purchase, they're gonna be subscribed in your in your contacts. Yeah. Because if they're not, if you give them the option and they don't tick it, then they won't receive any of their email sequence. yeah.

Hard took that.

Kate (59:59.32)
That's why you can reword it as well. In some countries, it's the law that you have to have the option there, you know, for people to subscribe and stuff. So but in New Zealand you don't. So card storage opt-ins, you can select if people want to choose that, you know, where they want to keep their credit card stored. It's stored by Stripe, not Gajabi. at the moment it's it's an opt out by default, so they have to tick it if they want to keep it in. C Z. and that's all really you need to have on this page.

I don't think this is where the receipts are. If you just scroll down a little bit more, receipts are in a different place. Yeah. Yeah. If you just hit save and back out to the settings.

So they would have taken that tech box off all your checkouts now.

If you just go back out to settings at the top up the top in the yeah, or there. Yeah. customer payments, I think, is where the

Okay.

Kate (01:00:59.344)
they've changed the name of it some of the stuff. Okay, so this is the receipt. So at the moment,

For all successful transactions. Yeah, perfect. so at the moment it it's very basic what you can do here, but the email the business address, is that correct? Business strategies limited. Taronga? Yeah, you've got a couple of commas in there after taronga. you've got your tax number on there, perfect, that's what I wanted to check.

Kate (01:01:31.956)
but we're also at a line. So yeah, that's all good. it's because the state isn't there. Yeah, so that's automatic.

No, you can put bay of plenty then.

Yeah, just just put bop in the state box.

Go back in and you set it there. Yeah. Yeah, I did. That's where I'll maybe I need to refresh.

just go edit again.

Kate (01:02:02.562)
And then type it where it says state, type Bay appending.

Yeah. By a pleat eight and yeah. Yeah. Settled over. Yeah.

That's it, that's why there's a comma there. I just needed something in there. There we go. and then where it says additional items.

sorry, where we've got N Z, is that enough or should have New Zealand?

No, no, that's fine. Yeah, yeah. add a title and add a message. So this is where I've got on mine, I've added in, I think in the message, I'm not sure how it looks. We can preview it in a minute. So just add something in here, but this is where I've written the line. this this price or this whatever the wording is, includes New Zealand GST.

Lyn (01:02:48.782)
What if

Mel (01:02:52.878)
This yeah.

We can't s because the receipt won't separate it out because Kajabi doesn't do that yet. that is how I've just managed it, is have by having on the checkout page a a word at you know, a line that says price includes New Zealand GST and also on here.

So it's includes, is that this offer includes New Zealand GS? Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Kate (01:03:21.112)
So I think I I may have that as the message and it the title I think I've probably just put something like additional notes or something. 'Cause I think the message sits under the title.

Please note.

Please no, yeah. And now we can if you hit say then we can see what it looks like.

Like you want an eon, so okay, here we are. Please note.

No coffee until the E's on.

Guest (with Lyn) (01:03:47.575)
He

Five. Yeah.

And then you can preview it. see the little eye where it says preview receipt underneath where you just typed.

Underneath me.

Where you just typed in.

Lyn (01:04:00.62)
Yeah. Okay. That's good, isn't it? It's very easy when you're sitting back.

That's

Mel (01:04:07.8)
So we've got please note at the top there, is that right?

there we go. So no, you don't want that to say that. So you could just call that invoice. You could instead of please note would retype invoice. But see whether this offer includes New Zealand GST is next to the title. So right, d I'll just put invoice, yeah. Or receipt. It's a receipt, isn't it?

Yeah.

Lyn (01:04:22.078)
Yeah.

Mel (01:04:29.698)
Or do you have to put here you have to put text invoice, not just invoice? Yeah, maybe.

But then there's tax going to tax the taxes in other d other countries, so we don't want to for them to think that it's a tax invoice or tax response.

It actually was yeah, it's a receipt technique, because they get it after the page, yeah.

Well what about invoice and receipt? No. No, okay.

Yeah, if you

Kate (01:04:59.596)
It's after C and accept in other circumstances.

Bye.

I always have to Google whether or whether that's my one.

Thank

No, I knew I'd done that wrong. I did it on purpose.

Kate (01:05:15.362)
Cool. So if you hit save and re re preview that again, then you'll see it's it's updated.

yeah, kidding die.

Lyn (01:05:28.597)
that looks nice.

So you've got a seven US dollars. Is that right?

Do we charge in US dollars?

Yes.

Okay.

Mel (01:05:41.752)
So this one here, is that s is that just an example that someone I was gonna say?

There's an example, yeah, yeah.

Kate (01:05:50.83)
So pull over a little bit.

But is it the little thumbnail that you had for the course there as well?

does it? Yeah, I think it does, yeah. Yeah, if you've got one there. And if you've got a setup B, which you won't have a setup B, but yeah, that's just to show you where everything sits. see your address up the top there, you've got your logo, email. Is that right?

I sorry, I'm looking at that. I don't want people to know exactly where I live.

Yeah. right. Is that where you live? That's not just a business. Yeah. So you can take away the number if you want, or even the drive.

Mel (01:06:18.87)
This is where I live and work.

Mel (01:06:25.612)
I take away the drive and I've even

So you can just edit edit that on that page.

Kate (01:06:35.83)
Yeah, you can have business strategies limited. where is that that's pulling through from your yeah there.

So you just want to have it welcome by

Don't you?

Well, I don't even really want welcome back.

Well

Kate (01:06:52.076)
I think we wanna hit something there.

Is this is this

Okay, welcome back. Yes. That's fine. Yeah, I don't want people knowing where I live.

Kate (01:07:04.878)
Okay.

We had had looked at that receipt, did it have email on it as well? I'm just wondering

It's got Melanie's email on it.

I'm wondering whether we've changed that to support act.

See at the top. Yeah, I'm just wondering where that pulls through from. I think it might be from your Kajabi account settings or marketing settings. Because I don't think it's on that settings page we were just on. But their address is updated there now. So we can have a hunt for that email.

Mel (01:07:35.694)
So we need to look at that. So see this is the yeah, I've done all of my Kajabi stuff with my Melanie Mulkroft at

Yeah, change it though. That's fine. because that'll also be shown on the bottom of your emails as well, like that down by where the unsubscribers, that'll always be there as well. So if you just hit save the other place that where these settings are is in the marketing settings, which is probably where that's pulling through from. no, sorry, in in the settings area where we are, if you just go back out to settings.

That's a bit confusing, we're doing yeah. There's another there's another thing that says marketing settings, which is for across your whole site. So the second one there.

And change my icon to on. yeah, so you can take that away.

There's a

Mel (01:08:25.099)
Is that where you'd have to put welcome bay or not? Or can you just

It'll probably let you it'll let you have it not have it there, that's fine. but down below if you just hit save you have to save each section here, yeah. Hit save on that one. And then

No, it can't be but Yeah.

So that needs to be bay a welcome bay. Yeah.

Lyn (01:08:50.868)
Welcome. It's very hard typing sideways.

Thank you.

Doing well.

Kate (01:09:00.71)
yep, so we'll scroll down and then down here is the email address. So that's support app. I think where it's pulling from is your Pajabi support email address.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Kate (01:09:17.288)
which is in the in your main settings in the first settings area yeah I don't know why it would that's a bit silly but that's the only other place I know that you can change your email address so if we go into did you save that I'm always like save save yep back out into that settings area again in the first one this time site settings yep site details

Yeah.

Yeah.

This just means

James Calm.

Kate (01:10:00.406)
It's better to have that enough, yeah.

Totally down, okay.

So this is your main Kajabi account. Yeah.

Mel (01:10:12.12)
So default currency, do we just we do we're doing everything in Australian dollars? Australian, American dollars.

America, you can change that there. Yeah. You can change each offer anyway, but if you want to change it here, the default, yeah.

Yeah. sorry.

Thank

It wasn't me.

Lyn (01:10:33.87)
So you want it it's a New Zealand dollar.

Yeah, you want to change it to US.

You based on us.

Yeah.

either right at the top because apparently they're all the world or it's yeah, it's right at the top. It's the default currency.

Lyn (01:10:54.342)
get up there. I can't see the top because of Yeah. Yes.

Yeah.

So you found that's worked for you then, Kate, because when I'm doing consulting and sort of I use business strategies and I you know, obviously this all comes under business strategies, although it's a different brand. So the colors has worked for you doing it that way.

What do you mean that charging you is solid?

Yeah, charging US dollars. Yeah.

Kate (01:11:26.542)
I just use it as my generic because I serve people all over the world. So to me it's the the exchange rate, people know around about how much they're paying most of the time. Well they can look it up. But yeah. yeah, just more universal. It's it's it much easier for a New Zealander to pay I mean it's a lot more, but it's much easier for a New Zealander to pay US dollars than than a US person trying to work out how much twenty New Zealand dollars will be.

Yeah.

So can you just go up a little bit there, Lynn? And there was something there, my the next one, subdomains, small charge.

Don't worry about that. That's just the default for Jabi. Yeah. Your domain is set up. So yeah, this is just it's if your domain ever fell over, it would still work with this one. Yeah, your if your domain name ever fell over or whatever. Yeah.

Okay, great.

Mel (01:12:17.12)
Okay. All right. So that's good. we've done that. The sales funnel. the other thing was looking at this was have we finished this section?

Yes, yeah. I think so. I think we've rounded out everything there.

Yes. So obviously we're going into the second hour. Are you still all right? Do you need a break, Kate? Are you okay? Yep. You okay? So there was I think we've got those first bits, but the other thing was the coaching calendar and looking at maturity. I had that on the list to check.

yeah.

Kate (01:12:39.02)
Fine, are you guys good?

Kate (01:12:56.75)
Good. Okay. That's a good chunk. I will send you, Lynn, a I have like a getting started on Pajabi checklist, which takes you through all of these settings here and what you should have as a standard. So it tells you how to change those colours to your brand colours. So you'll only ever see your brand colours when you're designing and things. So I'll send you that checklist afterwards so you can go through and just make sure. But it I mean, this page is looking right now, but you'll be able to update the brand colours and yeah, just make sure nothing's been missed otherwise.

Yeah, right.

Okay, so if you go into the pod ups and go to the coaching pod ups.

Kate (01:13:39.79)
So what have we managed to get to here? If you go to programs.

Kate (01:13:47.746)
Yeah, and then into the settings of that one, if you click the three dots, edit details.

Kate (01:13:58.505)
Okay. So

Yeah, if you scroll down a little bit more, I think it goes to where the connector is. Yeah. So you were wanting to use

The QA, is that right?

Well we I I'll do what you think has h works here because you said

So which which day to day calendar do you use? Google, was it?

Mel (01:14:23.566)
No, I use Artlock.

Okay, great. the reason I asked that is because you so I think using the Kajabi scheduler is great. the reason you would use the Kajabi scheduler is then you don't need to use Zoom for your calls. You can do the calls directly in here, coaching calls. This is one to one, isn't it? One to one coaching. so you can't do the calls in Kajabi unless you use the Kajabi scheduler.

Yeah.

Lyn (01:14:46.786)
Yes. Yes. Yeah.

Kate (01:14:53.762)
The Kedava scheduler only syncs with certain calendar types. So that's why I just wanted to choose which calendar type you have. Yeah. so we can choose that, that's fine. And then I'm just not sure. Yeah, it must be further down. So yeah, built-in live video, that's fine. The sessions are 60 minutes each. Yeah. And then manage availability. So this is where you would add in your availability.

Yeah.

Mel (01:15:20.651)
Okay.

each of the days for that for these coaching calls. how soon out they can book and then we can attach it also

Yeah.

Lyn (01:15:33.825)
Yeah, we

So if you're God looking at times across the world, I mean, I'm I'm assuming that in the initial instance, I'm only trying to limit this to 10 people. I'm I'm assuming that most of the people here will come from New Zealand because of the coaching that I've done with.

Yeah. Yeah. So New Zealand morning yeah morning time. So as early as you can start in the morning till around lunchtime, that incorporates a good chunk of America during the day. It also then if you can start early enough and you want to, it also incorporates the brick.

Yeah.

Lyn (01:16:14.358)
Right.

Okay.

But they will do they might do, you know, an evening call with you in the morning.

So what would be the best time there? Eight, would you say? On New Zealand?

Well I mean Yeah, yeah.

Mel (01:16:30.734)
So that's all my

Non-Pacific time at the moment, California time. and it's quarter past four here now. So we're five hours ahead essentially. so eight in the morning is one o'clock in the afternoon for America. three o'clock in the afternoon for New York.

California. Yeah. And

Okay, and so if you said eight to one thirty or something like that. Or eight to one, yeah.

The hour long polls are just stepped to the hour. Yeah.

Mel (01:16:59.17)
And then it would only be a Monday and a Friday that I did that because I usually do workshops together Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.

Yeah, so then you just go add availability. no, okay, no, yeah, what you're doing there is right.

Okay.

Kate (01:17:14.724)
no, sorry. Yeah. Go press add availability. Yeah. And then it adds it. There we go.

So one's twelve, yeah, okay. So that's Monday. And then you have to add a Friday.

Only need that one. Thursday. Yeah. We don't need Tuesday. No. We don't need Wednesday.

That's what

Kate (01:17:37.213)
you forgot.

So let me just click Monday again.

Lyn (01:17:44.962)
Yeah. Right.

And just make sure the weekends haven't got anything either. Get a surprise booking on the weekends.

Just look at Sunday and see the one.

Kate (01:17:57.4)
Yeah. Perfect.

Yeah. So sorry. So you've d so you've managed to do

Monday and

Monday and Friday.

Yeah. Between those times, between eight and one.

Mel (01:18:11.436)
Okay. Okay. So

so the add availability button is if you have two separate time slots in a day. Yeah, you can add another time slot.

Okay. Okay. All right. Great.

So when you're looking at the minimum notice, I would guess you would be looking for a day, wouldn't you, Mel?

Kate (01:18:28.32)
You want

15 minutes.

On a day, I need usually probably two days.

Yeah. See we'll have to change that to days, that's it. Two days. And they ha they can see your calendar up to four weeks out. Is that enough?

Yeah.

Mel (01:18:43.008)
Yeah.

And then we can connect it to your outlook.

God, that's going to be interesting, isn't it?

Yeah, you're probably gonna need to do this together 'cause there might be some security.

Some literature around

Lyn (01:18:58.21)
Yeah, yeah. Yeah.

And you don't wanna connect it to yours as an example right now because it's a nightmare to disconnect again. Well, you had to get Kajabi to do it, I think. So yeah, so just when when you're logged into your Outlook, log into your Kajabi and and

Connect them.

Okay, so now you use acuity versus Zoom versus

Yeah.

Kate (01:19:21.782)
Yeah. Versus Kajabi scheduled cool. Purely because I use an Apple Mac computer and I use the Apple calendar and as you can see here Kajabi doesn't sync with Apple Mac calendars yet.

Okay. Is that the only reason? So 'cause you have to pay for that then, don't you?

I do, but I I do a lot of sales calls as well. So I yeah, I have to use Zoom for those anyway. Yeah. I would prefer to use I would prefer to use Kajabi for the coaching. yeah, but until they can sync it, I'm I'm in talks with them again at the moment and the product development guy I'm actually gonna see in person next month at Kajabi. So he's on it because he knows he's gonna see me at a and I've been hounding him about it. So yeah. Yeah. Okay. There is a workaround for me. I could have my

I'm out.

Mel (01:20:05.666)
There's

calendar sinking to a Google calendar and then that would sync to here. But I just it's no.

you

Fabulous, thank you.

Yeah, yeah.

Lyn (01:20:21.186)
Thank you.

Okay, so I think that's covered this one and now we for the last half an hour you guys wanted to talk to about the the toolkit. Thank you. I think we can we've got it.

Just before we leave this, so this when this happens from a customer perspective, they they pick a time.

Yeah, so if you go into programs again.

on on this page, yeah. Yeah. And then go you can actually view it so you can see what it looks like for the customer. so just click, yeah, click in there, and then once it opens up, you'll be able to go into the eye up the top right hand side. And you can preview it. So this is what it looks like for a customer. It's not pretty, it's pretty you know, but it's logical. So they go to they what so after they're paid.

Kate (01:21:20.184)
They land in the library and if they have selected the coaching one, then they'll see the coaching product in the library and the course, the module one. They click into the coaching product, this is the page they'll land on. And they can schedule their first call.

Okay, so until it's linked to my com my calendar, then I'll dates. Okay. Yeah. huh.

But you can add detail into, yeah, the detail, the description that they see there, so the package outline. you can rename the sessions if that if it makes sense for them to have other names.

Okay. So

Then what happens around Mel's calendar? So it sends an appointment to them and an appointment to her, is that right?

Kate (01:22:03.746)
Yeah, I think so. yes, I believe so. It'll send a notification that will save into your calendar. And then at the time you log in your back end of Kajabi and come in and click on the client's name. you'll see it sitting under clients. Click on their client name, it'll open up their coaching portal. Yeah, it'll be sitting in here under active. it'll you'll go in there and you'll see a button that says start live call. The client will log in, go through the library, open up the coaching, and then

They'll see the life full pop.

I have to have two gins before I do that lot, but anyway.

I'm

So so so for you.

Lyn (01:22:41.272)
For using scheduling within Kajabi, do you automatically have to use Kajabi, Kajabi's platform or not?

No you don't, but you have in the settings you change it, yeah.

Yeah. But then you would it wouldn't automatically schedule Zoom either. I mean that's part of why you're using acuity is it does

yeah, that's the thing.

Kate (01:23:06.294)
It's Zoom, it sends the sends the confirmation, everything. But I would rather not because then I don't have to record well, you still I believe you still need to press record on them anyway when you when you do your local. but then I wouldn't need to, you know, s save the file save the file on my desktop and then upload it into the coaching product. yeah, it's just the additional steps.

Yeah. Yeah.

Mel (01:23:30.808)
So they get the they get the login to get to the coaching then. So they

Loving and

The general, yeah, that's what they set up when they pay and check in. That lands them on the library. And so whenever they log in, they're gonna land in the library. And in the library they're gonna see the coaching product and the course, the module one. And they just need to come up to the coaching product and they'll see that dashboard.

Just okay.

Yeah. So we could run a test then with maybe Karen and Lynn and I in terms of setting a date and then me coming on and they coming on just to see how it works.

Kate (01:24:01.164)
Yeah, so I would recommend once you've sort of covered everything that we've covered in this call, once you've updated everything, made the, you know, changes to the course and things and checked the offers on the checkout offers that have got the right product attached, what I would then recommend is s set either set one of the checkouts for one dollar or create a coupon for yourself and go through an incognito window and pretend to be a customer using an email address that you haven't used yet.

Yeah. Yeah. Okay. 'Cause

Pay one dollar, be a customer, see what notifications to get, see what emails you get. then you'll be able to and and buy the one that has the coaching product. So change buy that one. and then log in and you'll see the coaching product, click in there, and then you'll be able to log in the back end of Pajabi here and see that that name's popped up in the active here and open it up and see what it looks like.

So when you talk about the back end of Kajabi, I'm sorry, I'm a bit so I've got to log in to Kajabi.

Way you are now.

Kate (01:24:58.59)
Like it is now. Like Lynn has now. Log into the job e you'd go to the coaching product under products. It is now and then you'll see the list of active

Yes.

Yeah.

Mel (01:25:09.934)
And if we've got three logins, if Lynn's working on something, it won't interfere with my coaching call, will it? No. No. Okay. Good. All right. Just checking. Okay.

No.

Lyn (01:25:23.116)
That's good.

Unless she like accidentally deletes the customer while you're on the call with them or something. But I don't even think that would stop it. So yeah. Yeah.

Yeah, okay, fabulous. Thank you.

Good.

I guess we I'm just wondering whether what we do now, Mel, is potentially work on design your best life, obviously outside of the school. Sorted.

Mel (01:25:40.802)
Do we

Mel (01:25:51.843)
Thank you.

And

Maybe

We put a call in for next week to go through

I think we've already gone through half an hour, so we're going to pay for the next half an hour. Okay. What I suggest you do here is get Kate's overall impression of the leadership toolkit where you've got a couple of things so she can just have a look at the format and then use some of the questions from here. Yeah.

Kate (01:26:20.322)
Yeah. Because I think a lot of the things you've learned here today will apply to that anyway, like your email sequences and your offers pages and things. Yeah. So let's have a look at what you've

Yeah. Okay.

Just while we're just while we're waiting for that to go in, there's no problem with renaming landing pages.

No, so long as they're not already linked from somewhere else.

Okay, is the best pre best practice with naming the courses, not the courses, sorry, the landing pages, like I would like to separate design your best life from effective leadership just by putting effective leadership in front of as a preface in front of it.

Mel (01:27:07.668)
But they're two separate products, aren't they?

Y yes, but just to make it easy to navigate around so we know which landing pages belong to which.

yes, I've got you. That you can do an internal name for a landing page. Yes. Yeah, some yeah, you can do that. It yeah, it doesn't matter how you do the internal naming at all. I have a client that does numbers. So she like everything that is to do with the effective leadership toolkit, she'll put a number one in front of, everything to do with it. The the checkout, everything. Yeah. And then anything to do with another product, she'll put a number two. So she knows which product is aligned with which number. Yeah. In terms of the landing pages as well. Yeah. So

Yeah.

Lyn (01:27:48.568)
So for example, there's the one for Yeah. For the effective leaders and all the rest without. Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, right. Yeah, so it's just some kind of filing. Yeah, 'cause there's no way to file otherwise in Kajabi at this stage. Something that we're not

touch anything in in design would be slot.

But naming this, the internal names here, doesn't affect any it won't break anything, no.

So I can just edit that.

Kate (01:28:17.228)
Yeah, yeah. You know how do you know where to edit that? Details area? Yeah. Yes. It won't change the URL at all.

Yeah. And then

Yeah. Okay. Now what were you wanting, Kira? I think we're gonna we'll just go for a quick look. Okay.

Yeah.

Kate (01:28:35.662)
Effectively just get that tip.

So what Lynn's and I I guess d do we go and do a quick preview? Is that the best way to look at it?

Seconds, yeah.

I turn my head off.

I'd say it's too many.

Guest (with Lyn) (01:28:55.074)
You can just stay on.

Mel's gonna turn off a heater and

Okay, not again. Cool.

No mate.

Lyn (01:29:06.508)
This is this is yeah. This is the this is the toolkit and we've got a number of domains. So these are the areas domains. Yeah. And then and then under each of them, there'll be we're looking at an introduction. Yeah. and also like I guess if we look at this one where we've this was our probably our most complex one.

Module name.

Lyn (01:29:36.344)
This we've got a a number of products and one of them is quite complicated. So if I go into

Yeah.

Lyn (01:29:48.824)
So there's an introduction.

And then there's a subtitle where there's another intro, and then we've got two major categories that sit in here. So Lynn's loaded up in this one. Made a so this is this is how they navigate the all of our downloads. So we've got our downloads all all numbered and the numbers all

Sub modules in here, yeah.

Kate (01:30:13.198)
Yeah.

Kate (01:30:17.672)
Okay. And

And

Lyn (01:30:24.364)
Yeah, so this I guess this is this is how this is how we've set it up in that sense of

Lyn (01:30:32.738)
Just trying to make sh make it so that it appears a little bit a little bit logical and it all sits within one course. Is the is this is this the best template to use?

Is this well so it's a membership, isn't it? They're paying. And is is the content here meant to be gone through in a particular order?

Yeah.

Okay.

Lyn (01:30:55.308)
particularly it is i i for some of them it is yeah and that's where we've numbered but for some of the other other areas say down here yeah there'll just be a number of modules and they can just pick whether they want to do emotional intelligence or active listening so

Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No, I think this one does make the most sense. If you just go back to that main dashboard page, the first

So.

Dashboard, yeah, up the top there.

So I actually use this theme for one of my products. if you click categories.

Kate (01:31:36.366)
I just want to see what it looks like. Yeah. So you've used the momentum theme in Kajabi here, right? Yeah. So the only the only other option really to make it, if you did want to make it look any different, is there's another theme called sunset theme, which is a very it's the same, it's momentum essentially, it's exactly the same. but that when you click the categories board here, it's more like

Yeah.

Kate (01:32:04.258)
They call it Netflix, like so it's more like everything was the blocks will sit three across.

okay. So can can I change that now? Can I apply the same

So you can actually you can actually preview different themes without losing in the content just pulls through. yeah. So if you go back

I I so I can have a different when you're talking about themes, like design your best life has got the premiere theme, I think. Yes, it does this one's I'd like to use the moment. So you can mix and mash.

Doctor.

Kate (01:32:45.878)
Yes, you're the job. Yeah, every product can have a different kind of thing. Yeah.

So why would you want to put sorry, I shouldn't say why like that. What what what what what would be the reason for putting three across like an

You can you can see more on a page and it's more of a I'm very biased in saying a vote. That's what I call mine. but it when it's in a product where it's not you don't necessarily have to take it in order, it's more of a a library where people can then pick and choose what they're taking. Whereas this at the moment is that, but it's just by default psychology wise, do you see it in an order? Yeah.

I just trying to think if I have a screenshot of mine anywhere. but we can preview it now on the other one anyway without changing anything. So if you if you go back into the back end of Kajabi, the first tab there.

Can I change the banner on that?

Kate (01:33:39.704)
Sh I think you change the colour. if you go into

Yeah.

So there so there's a design there is a designer called Penny in Your Pocket who's an Australian lady and she makes templates for Kajabi that are based on the current but with more features. so she actually created the Sunset theme as well, which is part of Kajabi now. So if you just go into customize, I'll just show you how you can play around and have a look at it in different themes.

You wanna build? Yeah.

And then just go install template. is it install template? and then sunset is the one you want. Yep.

Lyn (01:34:21.784)
So this is just this is a print.

If you just go menu it this it's very confusing this screenshot because that's just a screenshot. If you're menu

that's nice.

Yeah. And then if you just go, can you find can you find the categories button at the top?

Everything else.

Mel (01:34:47.213)
Yeah.

Yes, these kids that was for these are a kid.

Yeah, there you go. Obviously you can change everything all the pink and the logo and everything.

It's nicer, I think, mose mouse doing dog things. Yeah, but just just I think it's better.

It's just another way to look at it. So you can just sort of preview and have a play. And if if you didn't like it, you could change it back. But at the moment it's not active, it's just showing you a preview.

Lyn (01:35:13.624)
Yeah. Yeah. So if I chose the s if I we chose the sunset, we could then customize that with our colours. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, you want to show it.

Kate (01:35:25.142)
Exactly. Yeah. And your logo and everything. Yeah.

Yeah.

Yes, yeah.

I don't know if it looks any any different if you go if you go into one of the lessons, just see if it looks any different to you. just trying to think of what the additional things are that Penny added to this. we'll see how it opens and closes. I don't think you've got that on momentum, have you?

.

Mel (01:35:43.277)
So then.

Lyn (01:35:47.662)
Well that's better. Look, yeah, you you know how to get forward and that way and you've got a big downloads button. Yeah, that's way better. Because that was one of the things I was saying to Lynn yesterday is the downloads on the other template aren't as obvious.

Yeah, yeah, no they're not.

So if you just go back to the previous thing where you've got the six

Yeah, the case.

Yeah.

Mel (01:36:10.978)
Yes, the cat category. Sorry, that was a courier. I had to go nearly failed on the So why so when you've got that little blurb there underneath it, you'd be able to change that from personal leadership again with just role model leadership practices and things underneath it, because you've got two lots of headings. Is that right?

you wouldn't need to.

Yeah, yes.

Although that that's the that is the title of the module. So that is what will show in the left hand side as well. So if anything, you would change the picture, I guess.

Yeah. Okay. No, no, I wanna that that looks easy, not as kind of long.

Kate (01:36:50.874)
Yeah, it's just a more I was just saying Mel while you're away, it's more of a when it's a product that you're picking and choosing what you want to take, it's this is more of a visual for that. it looks really nice.

So definitely you did AI.

nice. Good work. Thank you. It's not real people, so they don't ha lose their hands. No AI.

That's right.

Mel (01:37:18.759)
So I have

Sorry, if we wanted to, we could actually go back and apply that template to design your best life as well, without affecting anything.

Yes. Although when you're switching between premiere and momentum, there's obviously there's a few there's different settings in terms of yeah, 'cause it doesn't make sense. Yeah, no, I think for the course for modules. No. If you wanted to play though, you could duplicate it and then play with it. But I mean you can play, but y yeah, you just don't want to lose anything.

When you

Lyn (01:37:41.982)
The exact same functionality.

Now look.

Lyn (01:37:57.038)
I should

A year ago and it was tested. I just feel launch that and then what we might do for the rest of the arena program is we might change that.

Well you've got two products for that course anyway. So one of them you're gonna delete anyway. So if you want to choose which one you're gonna keep, which one you're gonna delete and play in the other one for now. yeah, while it's there. If you wanna play around with the things. And it doesn't break anything, but it can take away, you know, the setup that customize the colours and everything, yeah.

gone into this and the the you know paying Sean and blah blah blah let's get that course gone get some income if we can and then focus

No, it's really sensible too, 'cause a lot of people get really caught up in the design and, you know, the picture, the pretty. But actually your customers just want to know what you know. They don't care what it actually what it looks like. But yeah.

Lyn (01:38:59.106)
That template's got better functionality. What's the maximum what's the maximum size you would use when uploading images?

There's no maximum, but you need to have it that thumbnail shape. So twelve twelve eighty by seven twenty is the shape. It's a YouTube thumbnail.

Compression wise.

you don't have to. Nothing will be too big.

It doesn't slow down the side.

Kate (01:39:24.94)
No, I've never had anything like that. No. The only thing is videos, videos have to be under four gigabyte, megabyte, I can't remember the thing. again, I've never hit that in all my years in Pajabi. So

Yeah. So does this look like something that could I'm just wondering why has it gone pink with

development. it's just the preview of the sunset theme. So you'd you'd adjust on your brand colours, yeah. And put your logo and things. But it looks great. The the thing with the membership is always the communication. So it it would definitely, you know, you'd definitely want to have email sequences running alongside or a regular email or the regular calls or whatever it is. Yeah, just to keep people pumping through and reminding people as

Thank you.

Mel (01:40:12.056)
Yeah. So what we thought of doing here is because we've got a an assessment where people you can see where people can score against us so they can start. But some people will come knowing they want to do more strategic planning. Somebody else will come knowing that they want to do, but then I suppose seeing where they're logging in and what they're doing, hopefully we can see that. That means support that in terms of the email.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you can see when people have progressed certain things. The only way to automate an email or like trigger an email based on what people have watched or read is if they click the complete button, which is often very hard to make people do. So yeah. So the other thing you can do is add buttons to the top of this screen as well. So like I have that on mine. I've got you know the categories buttons that can always just come straight back to the categories page really easy.

so up the top there where the where the logo is, you can add like a menu up there. so if you're wanting people to complete the assessment and you could click have a button up there for them to click to go to the assessment. yeah, book a coaching call, anything like that, you can sort of add more communication around the dashboard.

What we're hoping to do eventually is once we've got this up, is with the bulk of it, because we're going to be adding probably every couple of months something. And but the headings will stay the same. So everything's going to be under these set headings around the leadership framework. The next thing we're looking at then is either having a webinar, coaching call where we would help people from our kind of work through something. Is that and and you can

We can do all of that on Kajabi, can't we?

Kate (01:41:58.904)
Do it all you can actually do it all live within the course now, too. So anyone that's part of this product can if you go live, so it's essentially you go live, it's kind of like a Facebook group. you press go live and you go live and any and everyone will get notified that you've gone live if if you want them to, and then they'll come in, you know, you can pre-schedule that. So I do that in mine. I have this exact product, the sunset theme.

Can you

Kate (01:42:24.342)
It's a like a membership vault that I have with a whole lot of training videos. And then once a month I do a live QA call, which I'm actually doing tomorrow. I theme it. So everyone I I've made an announcement already. That's another function in here. So I do an announcement to everyone that's in the theme. It sends an email with an announcement saying this call tomorrow, just log in. Same as the coaching product, similar. They just log in and go to the library and click on this product and they'll see the live call pop up at that time.

You're not using

for that. No, no. And it functions like Zoom. So people can comment and react and yeah, I can see their f faces if they choose to turn their camera on. But yeah.

Okay.

Yeah, so I I do use their live call within the c the course process.

Lyn (01:43:07.587)
Yeah.

So in terms of this then, because I was just looking at what we want to do here and my coaching. If I'm doing, you know, I don't want to do more than 10 people coaching at any one time because it's taking me away from other stuff. But then we don't need to take because I've got Zoom, the 45 minute free Zoom, which I just used to create some videos and things. That would mean we wouldn't need to buy Zoom then, wouldn't it? If we could if we had our

Coaching calls on this or our monthly coaching calls. Yeah. We wouldn't Okay.

No.

See the other the other benefit of that as well, Mel, is that you would you would give them an access, you know, like you think of your, you know, the some of the people that you're coaching now externally, you know, with George, you could give them ac access to Kajabi and they would you could coach them in here and that automatically gives you the email address for you to add them to your to the newsletters.

Mel (01:43:57.315)
Yeah.

Mel (01:44:11.192)
Yeah.

Yeah. In the way you would do that if it's just a completely side note separate coaching. Yeah. 'cause at the moment you would have to put them into the

Yeah, takes.

What's it called? Small changes, big impact, design your life coaching product. yeah, which whether that makes sense to whatever you're coaching them or not. So they would see that messaging, you know, around that when they log in.

No we could see that some secret couldn't we

Kate (01:44:37.154)
Yeah, otherwise have a separate coaching product. It's like this, just for one time coaching or with a schedule, whatever.

Okay, all right, so we can do that. So in terms of what else about the the leadership toolkit kit, God, Karen, what what else did we go for this?

'cause you've got Doesn't doesn't Kajabi have a site map?

Yes.

yeah.

Kate (01:45:04.59)
I literally just taught this yesterday. I put it into my vault yesterday. So it's not it's not nowhere that you find here. You let me think where I wrote this, remember this? You literally type your domain name forward slash type map. Actually, if you go if if you go up to the microphone glass, is that what it's called? Magnifying glass up next to Lynn, yep.

Bye!

Kate (01:45:33.536)
And type in site map here, it tells you how to do it. Yeah.

thank you.

no, no, that's that's gonna look in the people. That's not. that's all one word.

I think Yeah. That's all one word. I think so. if I go to if I go to dashboard or just up on the

You are No, no, go to go to that magnifying glass again. I don't know why I struggled to say that word. Sites map or one word. Just see if it comes up with anything. No. search Okay. What no, the other word. here you go. How to view your site map. Here you go. It's so you then you can index it. Is that what you're wanting it for? So you can index the site. On Google. yeah.

Lyn (01:46:04.288)
Yeah, they're talking.

Lyn (01:46:09.154)
So yeah, I can go back to that.

Lyn (01:46:15.424)
Maybe, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's how you get out, yeah. Okay. So

That includes all your what I call front of house pages. So all the website pages, all the landing pages. It won't include obviously your course pages or anything like that because you don't want people to find those online.

Right. Yeah, no. so when when we when adding

Lyn (01:46:46.638)
Question. When I'm adding the leadership toolkit to the other site or to the main site,

How does Kajabi do that?

Where do you want to add it to the store page? Like when you wanna promote it, do you mean? Like so people can buy it?

Isso.

Yeah, whereabouts do you currently have the current course? On the store page?

Lyn (01:47:13.902)
Current the current course is on the home page.

Okay. Yep. So if you open up the homepage for me, we'll preview it so so I can see either either, yeah.

Kate (01:47:26.584)
So would you want it to be I see. So the whole homepage is about that.

Yeah.

No, it's not about that, is it?

That's the front page. That's what people first see. Yeah, but we would go we're gonna have a landing page that is gonna be specific as well. Yeah we're

Link.

Kate (01:47:47.416)
So where's the button, where do they buy the current one or what where will it be once they can?

Aaron Clint?

yeah, design your beast life, find out more.

That's that, yes.

Yeah. So you can either add another section like this for the you know, have something that mentions the toolkit somewhere with a button to a landing page that takes navigate the landing page which has more information about it obviously, and then the landing page takes people to the checkout. the other option is at the top, what do you have in your menus, the navigation menu?

Lyn (01:48:02.925)
Yeah.

Lyn (01:48:09.602)
Yeah.

Lyn (01:48:21.134)
Solutions stuff we're gonna put it up.

Yeah, what does that go to?

Kate (01:48:32.428)
Your solutions. yeah. So you can add in here. This is effectively like your store page without using the Kajabi store.

Yeah.

So that's where it's got.

Lyn (01:48:45.454)
So it goes in there. Okay. And it just automatically links it to that navigation.

We'll need to add it to the navigation. So if you want it to sit underneath your solutions, you can actually have drop down drop down menus.

Right. Yeah.

So your solutions it might have a drop down and one of them might be the toolkit and one of them might be the design your best slide.

I think that's better. So if you go into your solutions now, what happens? Does it just go to the page? Or are there drop down? Yeah.

Kate (01:49:16.888)
Just go to the next page 'cause it's the

It just goes to that page, so yeah.

So how do you add drop down solutions, K all?

Yeah, so you have to set it up in the navigation area. you've yeah, if you just go back.

Navigation. Yeah.

Lyn (01:49:31.288)
It's

Good job.

Back a few. There you go. yeah, so you were in the right spot before you were click you were hovering on navigations under website.

Yeah, yep, yep.

Just

Lyn (01:49:45.622)
You see I there it is, there it is, there it is.

Essentially what you'll end up having is multiple navigation menus in the header.

Website. Drop down. Yeah. Navigation.

So I think mine has about five. So instead of your solutions just being part of the main menu, has the open menu.

That should be

Lyn (01:50:12.347)
What's it?

Once it's going to have multiple pages under it, it needs to be its own menu so that you can set up the drop down. Yep. So so you can just leave it there for now because this is how it is for now. But we can set up the new menu. So if you go new navigation menu.

That that your solutions are sorry.

Yeah, leave it as it is for now because that's live. That's how it is now. Yeah. But we can s set this one up ready and I can show you how to add it. So to call it your solutions, because that's still what it will be called.

Kate (01:50:44.268)
This is gonna be the name of the menu, just so you can recognize it when you're yeah when you're editing. Yeah.

And it's

Yeah.

It's just internal, but yeah, cool. And then in here you go add and so you'll add the current page for design your best life, which you might want to rename it by that stage because you're gonna have different solution pages.

I will add a product.

Kate (01:51:10.638)
Page in a page, yeah.

Yeah, the page. So it's your landing page.

okay. And you select it from here and then you'll have another page for your toolkit. So then you'll add that page as well. And then in the website menu where you where you're adding menus. so add one here first. Let's let's add let's do it now so I can show you. Just yeah. You just type in your solutions again, because that's what it's currently called, isn't it?

to delet my own.

Mel (01:51:40.087)
Yeah.

Or no, it will be called design your best life, the that what people visually see once there's multiple of them.

Kate (01:51:58.764)
And then choose the the is it called your solutions, the

Is it a landing page? I think it is.

No, it's in the home. It's in the home it it's a website page.

That's

Okay, cool. Just scroll back up again and we just have to you just have to know what it's called, that's all. do you know? In that list of website pages, do you know which one it is?

Lyn (01:52:23.086)
Home.

But but it has a home. The one that's got the design or best life on

It's your solutions page, isn't it? Yeah. It's in there. That must be a landing page. Another landing page page. Okay, let's go have a look.

No, no, she's

If you

Kate (01:52:46.114)
I think you might already have it open.

Okay, there's the home page. When we go to your solutions, close to the everything under it though. Sorry. You go.

It goes and it's called your solutions. Hang on.

Kate (01:53:02.074)
So when you go to

Are your solutions?

Lyn (01:53:08.298)
It's got it's got this, but it's got all of this under it. So is the link going to take you to this bit of the page or will it take you to the landing page, which is the find out more page?

Yeah. So

Kate (01:53:21.912)
Yeah, so what I'm saying is at the moment this works because there's nothing else.

Yeah. When you there is other

Yeah. When you've got multiple landing pages though, you can have a drop down so they don't have to come to this page. You can just go straight to the landing pages.

Yeah, so these are all have landing pages.

Yeah, so I guess like this is kind of like the shop window, isn't it? This page. Yeah. Yeah. So that so you would leave it as it is then. You would leave it as it is. If you wanted them to go straight to the landing pages of the products, then you would have a drop down, which is what we were just creating.

Lyn (01:53:56.523)
Yeah. I guess one of the things that I see happening with her at the moment is that this is takes up so much real estate. And I know that's important we get it going, but actually you come to this page and you think that that's all there is.

And then yeah, and then we would

I would usually recommend using the store page of Kajabi for this kind of page. Because then you can kind of make things like tiles almost, like have have all the options there, have the information, and then it clicks out to the individual landing pages.

yeah.

Mel (01:54:30.574)
That's what we had on the front page before was tiles. And then we moved them. Yeah.

Mm so

It doesn't really matter which page you use for that, but it's just yeah, it the design so people can see that there's more.

So sorry, if you're going down so when you say tiles, go down to the so would you make each one of those like that bottom one?

that yeah so people can see what they can select yeah because then they go through to find out more information so you don't necessarily need to have like you say all that real estate space there because this is kind of like an interim page best design practice is trying to make the least clicks as possible for a for a customer

Mel (01:55:10.574)
So this way what's happening, they're going on the website page, the home page, then they click through to this, then they have to click through to something else. So you're saying

Yeah. I mean it's I'm not saying it's a no no having a page like this because if people don't know what they want to buy yet, then having a page like this shows them all the offers in one place. But yeah, maybe redesigning it to have it more like the a shop window a tile. I guess

You think we did it like a shop window, but then when you're with your drop down with your drop down menu, because I know on some sites I go to, they will only let you choose something in the drop down menu. In this one, can we also just main page?

go to the main or you No, but you could but the workaround, so no, that top one doesn't click to anything, but the workaround is to add all solutions as one of the this page.

Yeah, yeah. Yeah.

Kate (01:56:04.726)
I Good question though, yeah. I think there may be a I I have seen it on some people's websites that I think are Kajabi sites. So there may be a coding, a way to do it with coding, but yeah, by default, no, Kajabi doesn't. When you do a drop it's called a drop down menu when you're designing it, in the website page.

So you went to where you were before around the

Yes. And then the is have you got because we've only got a couple more minutes. Have you got a couple more questions or

Yeah, well

So on on that one, you'll be able to look in the magnifying glass and for how to put a drop down menu. When you're ready. And essentially what you'll do is you'll take your solutions out of this menu and you'll make create your own menu and you'll put it alongside each other up in the in the top.

Lyn (01:56:49.336)
Yes and yeah.

Lyn (01:56:58.838)
Yeah. Okay. another question I had was copying one section to another from two different pages. You just open not possible, right? Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. It's it's requested with Kajabi, but it's not possible yet. Can do it in the same page, but not on different pages. Yeah.

Yeah. Love. file storage, for example,

Mm-hmm.

Can you see in Pajabi where your files are stored? Like I've got the backup.

Kate (01:57:33.952)
No media library. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just like a media library. They use so if you had a button anywhere or or like your downloads or anything, they use AWS, the Amazon server, to host everything. So it's fairly secure and tight. but yeah, in terms of you being able to go in and see a list of where everything is, no. No.

Right.

Okay.

I think he's a good

You've thought about good things.

Mel (01:58:05.912)
Yeah. So just in terms of what you know about what you're selling, if we go went to the homepage, what we were trying to do here, and I don't know if you've got a viewpoint just in the last minute, is on the homepage, I have just started a new, I just want I've written a newsletter which will go on LinkedIn. Similar one will be in Kajabi that will go out to people that we know that we haven't set up our email address.

And then we're trying to do something small on the front page that links to that. So this would be the this week would be a fortnightly focus. This one's a download around your work-life integration, just a snapshot and a link in. So do you see that working? So the three.

So you want to you want people when that comes your homepage to have to go and read the newsletter, is that right?

Well, we want them to there's something here that they can look at. They might not want to sign up to the newsletter, but they would they've got something here that they can download and use that's useful. Yeah we also want to give the newsletter. So where would we put that on here?

Yeah, so then if you if you're not wanting to or that if you think there's a restrict you a a whole back of them entering an email address and you're just wanting to give it to them, you can add a button or a or even have another landing page with it on. so a button that goes to the other landing page that's got the information. if you want it if you want them to be able to download, then you can add a download file action to a button. the other space that I'm thinking is the blog area.

Kate (01:59:45.878)
In Kajabi. you can't download it, that's the only thing, but you could add a button to download on the blog as well. yeah, and otherwise it's a sign up form with the automation sending it out by email so that you're collecting the email address, yeah.

Yeah. So the news, because some people say that like the front we've got, we've just got a very small thing and download one thing. People say, don't ask for emails, just give it for free. and then others say no, get collect emails. So if you have a thought on that, just before we've got to go now.

I do because it's what I teach is collect emails. The reason being, I mean, you yeah, depend it depends. You can give away some stuff for free, I guess, but that's kind of what more what social media is. It's what you're doing on LinkedIn, it's what they can get in the newsletters, although they have to sign up to get the newsletters. the email address is the only thing you own in your online business. It it's old real estate, you know, anything else can be taken away at any time and not been able to be used again. Your all your content can go from LinkedIn.

Any

Kate (02:00:48.726)
Everything like that. So it is your gold. It's it's your warm, hot audience that you're gonna sell to eventually. yeah. Great. I I don't know. I do have a friend that doesn't like entering her name into things, her email address into things, but she uses chat GPT all day long. So I'm not sure what her restriction is about entering an email address to get a download of something.

Or or if you're really if you're really that worried about it, you just create an email address that everything, you know, you create a Google address.

Exactly. The other thing is on the forms on Kajabi, you can add a little line underneath that just lets people know they can unsubscribe at any time. And they can. It's just about the communication on it. So yeah. I think until you know that there is a block because of that, I wouldn't shy away from it. It's yeah, building your email email list is the goldest strategy ever. I know from my own sales, and I'm you know, I'm selling a lot of things like this, but also.

Yeah.

Kate (02:01:44.418)
Starting to sell more online in that as well, where I'm not directly connected with the customer. Most of my sales come through my email marketing, not my social media.

Not just social yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah.

No mapping or repeat clients, yeah. That's

Yeah. So you're going to send me an invoice. Do you automatically debit my credit card or do you I do

Kate (02:02:03.33)
No, I don't have your credit card. Yeah, I'm just sending them both. That's okay. Yeah, no stress at all. Hello. Yeah. No problem. Thank you. That was a really great session. Well done. You've done a massive job. some really good questions there. I'll send through to you, Lynn, the how to find out about the download reporting, what I can find about that, and also that getting started on Kadabi Guide as well, so that you can just make sure the settings are all set up in the back end. so you won't have you won't have to keep

There it

As soon as you send through the email.

Kate (02:02:30.626)
picking what colours you've got and things everywhere.

But that's it.

We look forward to following you as our Kajabi hero and

You dummy hero. Yeah. You can follow follow at the at the conference, it'll be really good. But yeah, I'm I'm starting to load up a whole lot of questions from clients to take to the conference. So a lot of that, a lot especially the coaching product, is what yeah, I'll be able to update you on. So yeah.

Thank you so much, Riven.

Kate (02:02:58.134)
Okay, w when are you launching? When are you gonna start?

hoping the fifteenth of October for the the soft launch for the leadership and the seventh for design your best life.

Okay, great.

let you know how it goes.

Yeah.

Kate (02:03:15.21)
Fantastic, all the beast guys.

Thank

Bye guys.

Thank you, everyone.

