Willie (00:29)
Willie. Hey, how you going? Hey. Yeah, good, thank you.

Kate (00:31)
Good, how are you?

Good, nice to meet you here. Whereabouts in the motor are you? ⁓ same. Cool. Yeah. Another nice day. We've got some more summer, yay.

Willie (00:37)
I'm on Christchurch. nice.

Yeah, yeah, it's been terrible leading up to it.

Kate (00:48)
Yeah. I've actually been up in the North Island up by bulls for the last two weeks. Amazing weather up there. So I got summer up there for sure.

Willie (00:56)
Wait,

that's not too far from where I'm I'm originally from, Palmy. ⁓

Kate (01:00)
You cool cool. I was in in the bustling metropolis of Martin for what ⁓ a child cancer camp that I'm involved with. So ⁓ awesome. Yeah, but we got great weather up there. So I feel like I've been like reclaimed a bit of summer from from over New Year where it wasn't. Yeah, yeah, cool. Hey, you know, Wendy, Is that how you got on to me? Right? Yeah, yeah. I remember Wendy mentioning you to me ⁓ at the end of the year, and then I was like,

Willie (01:05)
Yep, yep.

⁓ nice, good on you.

Yes.

Kate (01:28)
It just clicked to me. I like, this is ⁓ where I know that name from? Cool.

Willie (01:32)
Yeah,

yeah. Yeah, she 'cause I I was I'd just been looking around and and I'd seen that she was ⁓ actually I found you when I joined Kajabi and I was kind of just learning everything. Yeah. And then I was like, hey Wendy, do you know this person? Yeah, you and she was like, Yeah, yeah, definitely reach out and I was like, Okay.

Kate (01:50)
Yeah, yeah, cool. Yeah, I know Wendy. Through lots of different things, but yeah, I did help you with the Kajabi site as well, which is cool. Yeah. Awesome. Cool. Well tell me about your like so you've just joined Kajabi and at the same time just doing podcasts, is that right?

Willie (02:03)
Yeah, yep. So I ⁓ started a podcast last year. ⁓ like without Kajabi. Yeah. and yeah, it was ⁓ it went really, really, really well. ⁓ so it and I ended up getting some awards at the end of the year. So ⁓ yeah, best business podcast in New Zealand at the

Kate (02:19)
Amazing. Congrats.

Wow. Yeah. ⁓ I feel like I should know this. ⁓

Willie (02:26)
No no

Yeah, yeah. So it's it was a pot it's a podcast called Fresh Money. Yep. ⁓ a play off the word money. and it's a it's about ⁓ yeah getting Pacifica and Mori ⁓ talking about ⁓ money so that we can get better with it going forward. So I started that and then I was looking at ways to try and and monetize this

Kate (02:43)
Yeah, cool. Awesome.

Willie (02:52)
kind of audience that that I had built. You know, it's kind of a it's a smaller audience, but it's an it's an audience. ⁓ and so I've kind of found Kajabi and I could, you know, it's looked it's really easy way to make online courses and like this this is cool. And so I've started that journey of ⁓ creating a ⁓ first home buyer's masterclass. I'm I'm a mortgage advisor. So I've done that for

Well I've been a banking and a mortgage advisor for sixteen years. Okay. ⁓ and yeah, I that's my kind of thing is helping people get into their first homes.

Kate (03:25)
Great.

Yeah, amazing. Very important people you are. I just bought my first home last month. ⁓ nice. Yeah, definitely with a mortgage broker. I couldn't have done it without. So yeah.

Willie (03:34)
I just think

Yeah. Congratulations.

Awesome. Awesome. Yeah, it's a crazy process, ⁓ Very emotional.

Kate (03:46)
Yeah. Yeah. So

so many games to play. Yeah.

Willie (03:52)
So I mean yeah, yeah, it's like a flipping side quest all the way through.

Kate (03:57)
Yeah.

Yeah. So many moving bars all the time as well. Yeah.

Willie (04:01)
Yeah. So I've pretty much fin well, I'm I'm like eighty percent there. Yeah, cool. I've recorded all the videos, yeah, done all the script. ⁓ I don't know how I'm just waiting for the videos to come through. I've got someone editing them at the moment. I just don't know how to like I I know how to put them in, like, you know, it's it's pretty straightforward, but I don't know how to could do the kind of payments part and and linking all that up.

to ⁓ landing page and then the sales fund apart. I I understand, but I don't know how to do it.

Kate (04:38)
do it. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. And so so what it it I'm just trying to gauge your you I think you're pretty on to it in terms of ⁓ how intuitive Kajabi is to you. So you've already set up your podcast in there. Is that right? Yes.

Willie (04:51)
Yeah, and I've I've cre started creating the website. Yeah. you know, putting, you know, I I can understand like all the different layers, you know, the hero page and all that kind of stuff, but I'm I'm not sure on how to link them all correctly.

Kate (05:03)
like get all together.

Cool. Okay. It's actually one of the biggest things people come to me about as well. It's one of those things that once you know, you know and it's like so obvious. But what I can do, what I think the best option for you is, because it sounds like yeah, you're it's pretty intuitive to you and self taught. ⁓ and yeah, finding your way around it in that is I offer power hours. So business power hours. Yeah we can go for one or two hours I've got there and like

Willie (05:26)
Two bit yeah.

Kate (05:32)
Yeah, and then and you can come with your list of questions because there'll there'll be some things you'll solve yourself and other things that you'll just need to know how to do. ⁓ yeah, so you can just book one of those in if you want, and and go from there. And so they're usually pretty available at this stage. I am gonna start limiting them from February onwards, but ⁓ yeah, so you should be able to book, you know, closer to the time that you know you need to get everything hooked up in mind, essentially. Are you planning to pre sell the course at all?

Willie (06:02)
Yeah, yeah. By that you mean ⁓ a waitless? Is that is that what you mean?

Kate (06:02)
Yeah. So you want

Yeah,

yeah. So you can either do you can either do a free wait list, like which is obvious right now if you've got a ⁓ an audience, you know, and you can talk about it on the podcast and stuff like that. Or ⁓ you could do a paid early bird wait list essentially. ⁓ yeah.

Willie (06:21)
Yeah,

I think I was gonna do that. Yeah. Yes, and then sp spit it out to all the socials as well. Yeah.

Kate (06:28)
Yeah, cool. Okay, cool. So, because that's the kind of order of things essentially, depending on how you're gonna do that. So the first thing you actually over and above the course, the first thing you need to focus on then is those sales pages and ⁓ and checkouts because that's the first thing you need people to go through. ⁓ yeah, to be able to do it. ⁓ a lot of people come into Khabi and get all excited by the course stuff, of course. ⁓ create the whole course and then haven't thought about the sales, and then that's the part that takes a long time.

and everything's sitting there but they can't sell it yet because they haven't got everything just set up yeah, set up. So Okay. Yeah, yeah. So if depending on your time frames, ⁓ you know, if you want we could lock something in for next week or or the week after, depending on when you think Yeah, yeah.

Willie (07:12)
I'm keen to go A C P so

Kate (07:15)
Cool. are you working on it this week? Like starting to work on the sales page. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Well, I can give you what I'll do is I'll pop you an email after this and I can give you kind of like a list of things that you'll need to think about and look at and try to do and then I'll give you the booking link and you can book in your power hour and then anything that you haven't figured out yourself, we can go through on the power hour. But the other thing we can also do if you think you've figured it all out, the other thing we can also do is test it. so go through it as a customer.

Willie (07:29)
Exactly what I need.

Kate (07:43)
look at the back end, look at the automations and also see what else we can kind of add to it to to you know, to make it best best practice and just the best customer journey as well. ⁓ as well. Yeah. ⁓ and and ⁓ what date do you anticipate the course being ready?

Willie (08:01)
⁓ it should well I should get all the videos this week. So we sh I should be able to finish it all n by the end of next week.

Kate (08:09)
Okay. And is the ⁓ course intended for people to just self pace, go through it? Yes. Yeah, it is. And and they get all the contents when they first enter, or is it true?

Willie (08:20)
⁓ it what yeah, it depends what your recommendation is. Like i is it better to have that staggered approach or is it just let them go for a

Kate (08:31)
Unless there's a reason for you to want people to go through it step by step. you know, sometimes that's just to do with ⁓ the content, like you know, what what they need to have in place first before they get to this next part. ⁓ however, I would say in this instance, ⁓ probably having it all open if it makes sense based on the content, because you'll have people entering at different stages of their journey. So some people might actually be ready to go, go, go in terms of

you know, talking to the bank or talking to a mortgage advisor whereas others are still actually in the saving side to things and working out how to budget or whatever save their money and that. So ⁓ I think I think having it open is best so people can yeah come in and choose where they're at and pick and choose what they want to watch and and

Willie (09:12)
Yeah, I was thinking that because yeah, 'cause exactly why you said, because some people are gonna jump in, they're already pre approved. Yeah. And then they can go straight to the Hayley to start looking for your house.

Kate (09:22)
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Okay. Sweet. ⁓ that matters for your marketing and your sales pages as well, just so that people know that, you know, whatever part of the journey they're on, ⁓ they can start. and it also means it's an evergreen course, which means ⁓ you're ⁓ you'd have to think about that for your payments. So d are people gonna have access to this for forever or do they only get it for a certain amount of time? and

Also the k whatever automations we have tied into it in terms of emails that are going to them throughout the time frame that they're doing the course. ⁓ or if they're just all getting thrown into a big database and you're just emailing them once a month or whatever. So just having a think about that. The customer journey essentially is what it is, like thinking about what that looks like if you were going through a course. Yep. Yeah, what kind of touch points you've had with the person that whose course it is. Yeah. Cool. Yeah.

Willie (10:04)
Okay. That's really

Kate (10:20)
yeah, so we can look at all that as well on the on the ⁓ and make recommendations from there. ⁓ I think the reason I was originally asking that, when is the course going to be available, which is very soon by the sounds of it, so that's great. It's not

Willie (10:32)
I I was thinking like early mid fib probably probably mid to late fib in terms of how things actually eventually

Kate (10:39)
Yeah,

realistically. Yeah. Yeah. And and so again, from the customer point of view, if they're purchasing, like if you get those everything set up ready for them to purchase by next week, what is gonna make them buy now before they can even start? And so incentivize that. So is there something you can give to them for free as well? Is it an early bird price ⁓ that's gonna incentivize them to come in? and it I would say if it was like longer than a month's wait.

you know, setting up some automated emails to go to those people too to just keep them in the loop and, you know, keep them keen. Yeah. ⁓ because another not not all course creators care about this, but some do, is if there's too much of a gap between the purchasing and the course being ready, they lose interest. And this will probably be a very different situation because you don't lose interest that fast on trying to buy a house. But they lose interest and then what some course creators care about is that

their customers have purchased but they're not going through the content of their course. ⁓ some don't care about that because they've got the money. But ⁓ yeah, yeah. If you wanna know why people aren't going through your course, then there's other things you can set up for that as well. Okay.

Willie (11:49)
Yeah, no, I I definitely wanna know why. Yeah.

Kate (11:52)
Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool. Well I'll pop you an email then ⁓ shortly and I'll just sort of talk through all those things that you need to look at in Kajabi in the back end and send you that link through to book the power hour or two.

Willie (12:03)
Awesome. I'm good. It makes

Kate (12:04)
Okay,

awesome. Nice to meet you, Willie. Take care.

Willie (12:07)
Yep, you too. Bye-bye.

Thanks. Bye.
